elaOP Clap Alaways Late elaOP Clap Never First Try elaOP Clap Need More Burgur elaOP Clap
zfg does your mom call you zelda freak glitcha when shes angry instead of zfg? my mom does that all the time with my name
Please stop messaging me. I am not "trap" (im a girl) and even though it is cool that you are gay because it's 2017 i dont appreciate you sending me links to pictures of your schnitzel and butthole. I do not have AIDS and thus am incapable of "pozzing your hole" (i dont even have a schnitzel). If you are reading this know that this guy is a fat creep and is only looking for salami and has an unhealthy obsession with "traps". There ARE girl gamers. WE DO EXIST and not every girl on the internet is some mentally ill dude pretending to be a girl. I reported you to steam btw.
This isn't a copypasta, I just need to seriously discuss something, the mods need to understand that retroactive enforcement of rules is not good modding. If the streamer asks a user to stop, and they stop, then you shouldn't time them out retroactively. If the chat is getting out of hand, then you time out new copypasta posters, not the old ones. And if you're gonna time people out, 30s is fine, 5 minutes is overkill and lame.
@KingGeorgeTV Hey, George! What's up, man? It's Steve from math class a few years ago. I didn't know you were some kind of internet superstar hahahaha. Hit me up, man. Btw, did you ever hook up with Alyssa? She was a big girl hahah. You are such a dog. It's so cool to see you again. You have my numbah. Just hit me up, man.
Zfgs stream is very nice to watch because he is a friendly zelda speedrunner. Zfg also is very calm while running this game so i decided to watch him whenever i need to sleep. I hope you get your wr very soon and i wish zfg good luck and fun at future runs and agdq
I don't care what your opinions on Arian, the bot, or the admins are. This was ridiculous. I'm honestly very disappointed. I don't care what your goal was, spam and being obnoxious is not the answer. So i'm going to make you guys a deal, I will listen to your feedback and give it to Arian. I only have the ability to delete posts, and if I could do more I would most certainly put the "rogue" admins in their place, but that is Arian's decision, so work with me for the time being. I will help you all the best I can, but I can't do much at the moment.
How often do you have full power charges from your weapon swap jaws of agony, full frenzies, onslaught, have thrown a vaal lightning trap, put down your ancestral protector totem, procced your elemental overload with orb of storms, turned on your vaal haste, put down your frost bomb, have the lightning aura from your lightning golem active, are on full hp for boot enchant and the gem, but hit and savage hit recently, also running blood rage, all at the same time, against a white mob?
The intent is to provide players with a sense of pride and accomplishment for unlocking different heroes. As for cost, we selected initial values based upon data from the Open Beta and other adjustments made to milestone rewards before launch. Among other things, we're looking at average per-player credit earn rates on a daily basis, and we'll be making constant adjustments to ensure that players have challenges that are compelling, rewarding, and of course attainable via gameplay.
the new 100% strat realy ruffles my feathers, we were ALREADY skipping house cow, and we ALRAEDY ended 100% with the door of time still closed, and now we do a bunch of DUMB rolls up and down stairs, and the royal grave isn't even destroyd at the end, when are we gonna get category reform so we can all see the true 100% we want?
NA THIS CmonBruh EU THAT CmonBruh CMONBRUH CmonBruh YOU AINT EVEN PLAT
Guys, seriously, Zfg is 12 years old. You may not know this, but he's an experiment by the United States Military. He was injected with the experimental drug MEMES in utero, which caused him to accelerate, or "speedrun" his metabolism, and hence why he looks the way he does at 12 years old. All these copypastas about Zfg are highly disrespectful to a true patriot whose literally very existence is dedicated to serving his country. Thank you.
i must say (ask) something. My personal dream is a "normal run"...i mean no jump or roll to accelerate. just walk normally. but straight to the known goal. why?To make the game like a movie we can see or show to make people discover that master peace without all the annoying jumpings. make the run be a movie.Even if you have to lose time to show wonders of the game.Do you understand what i mean?thanks.(you rock!!)
Glitchless really rustles my jimmies. I dont think the runners know what a glitch is. I mean, do they really think boosting yourself with a bomb is ok? doing fire temple first!?! the leaderboards should be cleared; the category is corrupted. Hell, one should be DQed if they balkwalk because I tellin you there is no way that was intended by the creators
zfg im blind and im having someone else describe your run to me, but shes having trouble since she doesnt understand the glitched going on. Can you kindly resort to some more understandable strategies?
one calorie, two calorie, three calorie, more food for me OpieOP
Wow you actually are really bad at this game, honestly you're worse at oot than my nan is at cod. Please just retire mate. You're obviously getting too old to speedrun after all you have just turned 12. I hope you thought about your retirement fund while you were still young. I know you want to get good and all but I think you should retire a commentate smash or something.
ATTENTTION SPEED MAN. Hey speed man, im watching you with my wife and kids. Could you please go a little slower? we're trying to figure out what zeldas superpower is. no mortal could go through the ground and stuff. also my wife baked some meat loaf for dinner, want to come over? thank you speed man and god bless.
Fucking MoonMoon subs in all my streams spamming these stupid fucking emotes. I swear they're all 12 year old kids who subbed to this goofy ass mother fucker (who's not even good at the game, just a decent tank player who gets carried) with their mom's credit cards they stole. If I see one more goddamn purple face I think I'm going to scream. My AGDQ chat experience has been ruined time and time again by these spammers and frankly, I'm getting tired of it
the e x p l o i t e r 2 7 is a ancient meme from e x p l o i t e r 2 7 ancient ages
I'll have you know I served 1337 successful missions in the Kekistani meme wars of 2016 with over 420 confirmed redpills. Black ops, psyops, intel, counter-intel -- you name it, I did it. At one point I was so far undercover as a (((blackpilled shill))), I forgot which side I was fighting for. You see, I have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career as a dank meme operative. Skills that make me a #nightmare for people like you.
Kidding ? :DDDDDDDDDD You reseted a game if you do small fail ? XDDDD Its nice ...
@GODaZeD Hey, Sam! What's up, man? It's Mike from math class a few years ago. I didn't know you were some kind of internet superstar hahahaha. Hit me up, man. Btw, did you ever hook up with Jessica? She was a big girl hahah. You are such a dog. It's so cool to see you again. You have my numbah. Just hit me up, man.
DaZeD isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement in CS:GO? DaZeD puts the game on another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. KennyS breaks records. Coldzera breaks records. Stewie breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.
It's hard. You have furion. It's hard. You have Mirana. You have to land an arrow. It's hard. Everything is so hard. But they, they're Russians, you know. They run at you, they're gonna see you, they're gonna go. And - it's hard.
Strimer, please help. My psoriasis is reaching a level where my quality of life is in jeopardy. Red blotches on my skin, along with stretch marks, have rendered me anathema to most women. I try and use a variety of creams and ointments but nothing seems to work. I'm currently eating a large pepperoni pizza with cheesy crust to help me calm down. Thank you for being such a positive and enjoyable voice. Your stream gives me hope and makes me happy. Thank you
After multiple surgeries when I was young, my spatial and depth perception is completely distorted. Thus, I cannot play 3d games, but only sidescrollers. This has caused me problem with employment, so I have to take menial jobs. Despite my iq (197), I work cleaning toilets and sometimes in the toll booth. Women can't see past my thick glasses and porous skin features.
PogChamp How does he do it? PogChamp I have no clue PogChamp It's Paracusia PogChamp On Station 2 PogChamp
Streamer, I am currently trying to pick up women and need advice. I am horribly burned and have skin that is multishaded. While I make a lot of money, I lack a funny and charismatic personality. I am willing to watch the notebook though.
xQc isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement with Winston? Felix puts the game in another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the monkey.
soviet it's a way of thinking, acting, and overall living, with total disregard of fair play, integrity, moral, rule of law and other such alien/bourgeois western concepts that lenin marx stalin and other like them have fought to eradicate. They might be long gone, but they keep living trough people like Putin, still poisoning young people's minds today.
soviet knows no national bounds - and after all, there are less than a handful of countries truly liberated from mama bear's grasp, plus, at any time she can decide to neighbour.. whoever she wants. Still, it's rather unfair to place all the blame on russians, when ukrainians belarusians estonians and the other dozen former USSR states have their fair share of soviets.
People are always asking me, "hey, you subscribe to ZFG, the Zelda Freak Glitcha, don't you?" "Yeah", I say. They look shocked for a moment and then ask, "Oh wow. Is he as good of a guy as everyone says?" I pause. "No, he's not."I reply.
hey zfg I made you this fan art, i hope you love it as i put much love into it :) http://imgur.com/a/4m6CE
zfgSpeedPolice zfgStick zfgSpeedFrog POLICE MAN IS ABUSING SPEEDFROG. 1 SUB = 1 LESS WHACK
I'll have you know that I am not the typical runner. While some runners bring water bottles with them I don't. You might be asking yourself, 'but bro, how could you not drink water after running around a while?' Simple. I drink my own sweat. After running for some time, your shirt and shorts start to accumulate a good portion of water from your body, water that is easily accessible and ready to drink wherever you go. You might also be thinking now, 'Eww, gross! Why would you do that?' The reason I do this is because I want to challenge myself even further, running until I am able to drink almost all of the liquid goodness my body emits. Only doing this will you truly understand the value of water, rather than just gulping down entire quarts after a simple run. Water bottles are for wussies that want refreshment handed to them in a nice convenient vessel to sip from, never going the extra mile and try to push themselves to the limit. Sometimes when I run out of sweat water but want to run some more, I look around to check for nearby sources of water that I can easily attain. These sources usually range from the dew on grass to puddles on the street and sidewalk. Sometimes I dig up water from my neighbors yard after he had just watered some of his plants to get a good amount to take me running back again, passers by usually leave me alone and I don't my neighbor minds since he touches himself sometimes as he watches me drink, but that's cool though. To sum this all up you guys should start drinking your own sweat to appreciate water more and get a better workout, I hope one day we can drink each others sweat as we run together.
I'll have you know that I am not the typical runner. While some runners bring water bottles with them I don't. You might be asking yourself, 'but bro, how could you not drink water after running around a while?' Simple. I drink my own sweat. After running for some time, your shirt and shorts start to accumulate a good portion of water from your body, water that is easily accessible and ready to drink wherever you go. You might also be thinking now, 'Eww, gross! Why would you do that?' The reason I do this is because I want to challenge myself even further, running until I am able to drink almost all of the liquid goodness my body emits. Only doing this will you truly understand the value of water, rather than just gulping down entire quarts after a simple run. Water bottles are for wussies that want refreshment handed to them in a nice convenient vessel to sip from, never going the extra mile and try to push themselves to the limit. Sometimes when I run out of sweat water but want to run some more, I look around to check for nearby sources of water that I can easily attain. These sources usually range from the dew on grass to puddles on the street and sidewalk. Sometimes I dig up water from my neighbors yard after he had just watered some of his plants to get a good amount to take me running back again, passers by usually leave me alone and I don't my neighbor minds since he touches himself sometimes as he watches me drink, but that's cool though. To sum this all up you guys should start drinking your own sweat to appreciate water more and get a better workout, I hope one day we can drink each others sweat as we run together.
Why is IMAQTPIE such an extraordinarily good player? One might think it's because of his unparalleled reflexes or his deepest understanding of every single detail and its impact on the game. The truth is IMAQTPIE is miles ahead of every single player in the competition when it comes down to the memes. He only harvests the freshest and spiciest memes there are, consequently destroying the enemy players with their second hand memes.
Hey Arteezy, I'm currently watching the stream with my 5 year old son, now I don't mind all the raging and cursing but can you please stop feeding? I don't want my son to learn how to suck at dota2 thanks!
i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about Dafran. u wouldnt say this shit to him at McDonalds, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol
CHONATION STRONG LIKE NIPPON STEEL FOLDED OVER 1000 TIMES CUT THROUGH ANYSING STRONG LIKE JAPANESE BUSHIDO SAMURAI WARRIOR RESILIENT LIKE TOYOYA CAR STILL ON ROAD AFTER 30 YEARS
THIS ISN'T EVEN A COPY PASTE, THIS IS ABOUT THESE CHILDISH NOOB MODS CONSTANTLY MAKING NOISES AND BEING DISRESPECTFUL, I WILL NOT TOLERATE TO BE TALKED TO IN A SEXUALLY HARASSING MANNER, THIS CANNOT STAND. I'M CALLING MY DAD AT TWITCH.TV TO REPORT THIS CHANNEL ONCE AND FOR ALL
Android isn't my brather? Are yew keeding mee? Wheen waas the laast taaim you saw a pleyur wit sach an abeelitee and teamwerk wit sheek? Android puts thegaem in anadur levull, and wee wiil be blesd if wee evur see a playurr wit his skil and pashin far thegaem evur agaenn. I THINK mang0 braeks rakkerds. I braek rakkerds. Android braeks the reuls. Yew can keep yor relateevs. I prefurr the brather.
hey zfg i had a guy in my class who could suck his own schnitzel, no joke, the fucker went one day on class like, yo dudes, watch this, BLAM motherfucker cleaned his own sword until we got the balls to get near him and make him stop LUL
Every night I go to bed with my zelda amiibo in my hands hoping and praying each night to the golden godesses "please zfg, run all permanent flags so my life will be complete." One day I hope my prayers are answered, as everyday I make sure to practice my HESSing and spoon strats. Thank you ZFG, for everything you've done.
Why do you call yourself a "Freak" Glitcha, ZFG? Is it because you're depressed? You don't have to go through this alone. When you dial 1-800-273-TALK (8255), you will hear a message saying you have reached the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. You will be helped by a skilled, trained crisis worker who will listen to your problems and will tell you about mental health services in your area.
I miss the old Mang0 mangoPog , straight from the (Ready?) Go Mang0 mangoAT The best Falco Mang0 mangoFalco , read all the rolls Mang0 mangoKrey I hate the new Mang0 mangoW , play Chu and lose Mang0 mangoRIP , Buster in crews Mang0 mangoBUSTER , drink all the booze Mang0 mangoForty mangoBleh
The Mustang GT is decent, but if you want bang for the buck, get a Chevrolet Camaro.
It's faster.
It handles better.
It's more comfortable.
I want to like the Mustang since the 5.0L Coyote engine, and 5.2L Voodoo engines are fantastic, but I know where Ford cut the corners on it. On the GT, the cost cutting is the manual transmission. Said manual is the same as the previous 2011-2014 Mustang GT. So it's the same problematic Chinese-built 6 speed.
If you step up to the Shelby, the mechanical cost cutting continues. The GT350 transmission is the SAME Tremec TR3160 used in base model 4 cylinder and V6 Camaros. Go up to the V8 Camaro SS, or ZL1 and the manual transmission on offer is a bulletproof Tremec TR6060, a beloved transmission you can't get in the Mustang.
Yes the Mustang has better visibility, barely.
Yes the Mustang has a better interior, barely.
Yes the Mustang has a larger trunk opening.
But honestly, I'll take the GM compromises in exchange for rock-solid mechanicals over Ford cost-cutting the mechanicals for better subjective elements.
ZFG made it to school, losing 3 minutes on his split. Back to gym class, it's rope climbing time. ZFG goes first, its time for him to climb. To help him get motivated, he imagines there to be .txt document of the Zelda Timeline at the top of the rope. He saw his crush, Ruto, was watching. ZFG begins to sweat, and starts climbing the rope to impress ruto. Coach Dampe yells, "No way you'll get that sub 4:15 with this pace". ZFG says this run sucks and resets
Do not insult a person to be a nazi so lightly, there are numerous people still denying the holocaust and the existence of gas chambers when they have been contradicted heavily and constantly by many many historians. zfg's chat is serious and you should stop writing shitty oneliners to mock moderators, as authoritarian as they can be.
glitchless is pouring unprocessed flour down your throat and washing it out with canned tomato juice until you vomit or die LUL
Now I don't want to brag. And I can't say I didn't deserve it. Zombie-like, in my slumber, I waited out the timeout. I couldn't see the end at times. Mercifully, it was not permanent. Oh, for the day where plebs can chat in peace. Disasters like this never happened in the good old days. Stream used to be chill, but if you read the first letter of each sentence you will know what happened.
What in the name of Elion did you just say about me, you filthy life-skiller? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the holy college, I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Barcode, and I have over 500 combined gear score. I am trained in siege warfare and I'm the top PvPer in the entire NA server. You are nothing to me but just another karma-bomber. I will kill you with thrusts the likes of which have never been seen before, mark my words. You think you can just say that to me over Discord? Think again. As we speak I am contacting my fellow Valkyries across the server, and your node-fort is being scouted right now so you better prepare for the zerg. The zerg that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call a base. You are going to be sent to the sulfur mines. I can be at any node, any time, and can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my shield. Not only am I extensively trained in Lancia combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the holy college and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the black desert. If only you could have known what holy retribution your "clever" little statement was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price. I will flag on you, and you will drown in your own blood. You're dead, scrub.
@Zfg1 you remind me of the autistic girl i fucked in 7th grade. I fingered her and my fingers smelt like peanut butter for a week.
ResidentSleeper "Alright, grow, I guess" ResidentSleeper "Haven't grown in a while, let's grow ResidentSleeper "growing isn't that good, but alright"
I only play true ethical SSF hardcore. I delete every meta unique I find because it is unethical to keep it. When my character dies, I delete every item in every stash tab because it's not true ethical SSF hardcore otherwise. I Vorici break every six-link I land because it is unrealistic to ever six-link an item in true ethical SSF hardcore. I skip the Labyrinth because Ascendency Classes are unethical powerhouses. Every time a Vaal Orb drops, I immediately use it on a randomly equipped piece of gear to increase the challenge. I've had global chat and trade chat disabled since I got my beta invite back in 0.9.2d, the Merveil fireball optimisation and curse duration patch, because player interaction gave too much advantage. I've sent at least 84 emails to GGG support over the years asking for unlimited ignore player space so I can make sure that no one talks to me when I'm in town. I read and listen to every lorestone, notes, books to fully immerse myself in the true ethical SSF hardcore experience. Every time I go into this general and read the word "meta", "trading", "blade flurry", "clear speed", "Headhunter", so on and so on, I make sure to thrust my giant vibrating dildo one to three times to punish myself accordingly for tainting my TESSFHC experience. I've stolen at least a dozen credit cards from my parents to pay for the 3,250 normal stash tabs that I have to show my support for GGG and the true hardcore game that they have developed. It deeply saddens me that PT left, he was the only one that spoke only truth. Why do you self-proclaimed SSF hardcores even try to pretend that you're truly SSF hardcore? You make me fucking sick.
moon2MLADY your rank: 2000, and in a 6-stack premade you use to try to go against teams that aren't communicating. I can hear you nasal voice through the mic now moon2MLADY
Wanna know who the best Pokemon obviously is? Malamar. Everything about it is just astounding, its stats, typing, etc. Its typing is very versitile, making it only weak to bug and fairy type. Its stats give it some nice bulk to it, and has astoundingly good Attack! Better yet, Malamar has a unique evolution, you have to hold your 3DS UPSIDE DOWN! YOU HEARD ME CORRECTLY, UPSIDE DOWN! That alone is what makes Malamar one of the greatest Pokemon ever. Its design is just plain flawless, so why would you choose any other Pokemon over Malamar? It is based off of a vampire squid, a squid that is known for turning inside, KINDA LIKE HOW MALAMAR EVOLVES! THE REFERENCE TO ITS OWN CREATURE IS JUST AMAZING! Great work Gamefreak, you have made one of the best Pokemon there is to date!
Dear Aphromoo, you are the first and only black guy who has ever been nice to me. All the other blacks in my life have always beaten me up and made fun of me. They made me racist as hell. I hope you dont treat others like they destroyed my self esteem. BibleThump
I want to turn into Luna's bodysuit
She wouldn't notice anything weird and wear me into the battle
And then I would tease her naughty bits
I would gently lick her nipples and play with her cunny
Not too much though, just enough to get her aroused
As she would kill more enemies and get carried away by the slaughter I would increase my "assault"
By the end of the battle she would be very close and I would give her the pleasure of finishing the "job" herself, enjoying every last drop she let into me
However, the story wouldn't end here
Much to her surprise, she wouldn't be able to take me off
Multiple tongues I would've grown inside the suit would caress her plump breasts, stiff nipples, perfect tummy, fit ass and her clitoris
I would grow two dongs right inside the suit which would fill her unexperienced pussy and virgin ass
They would vibrate as she moaned and quivered around, helpless and increasingly aroused
Two pulsing dongs inside her loin and tongues working every single inch of her body wouldn't take too long to bring her to another pleasant ending
That wouldn't be it yet though
For the last stage, I would begin to pump her with my schnitzel while intensely vibrating around her erogenous zones
After giving her yet another orgasm, I would turn back into a fat-ass self insert and run away
Sucking spaghetti ain't just for the gays any more, fellas. It's a very useful bartering tool that I have personally employed for the last decade. But you're going to want to hone your skills first before putting them into play. Practice on bananas or cucumbers to start. When you feel comfortable, get together with some buddies for a suck session and critique each other until you feel confident. Now it's time to put the schnitzel where your mouth is. A few months ago, I applied for a position at Jersey Mike's Subs. The manager told me I was grossly unqualified and one of the most incompetent people he's ever met. He was singing a different tune after I tickled my tonsils with the tip of his prick. I've been making subs thirteen hours a week ever since. But it doesn't end there. You can use your schnitzel sucking prowess to conquer many of life's little obstacles. Got pulled over for speeding? Suck that bratwurst! Long line at the supermarket? Suck your way to the front! Wife mad at you for sucking so much spaghetti? Suck hers! It's 2017, boys, and it's time to relinquish your homophobic tendencies. Swallow your pride, then swallow that load!
I have a dream that one day Plebs and Subs will Spam together in harmony. Plebs should be judged not by the frequency of their spam, but the quality of their pasta! So plebs and subs alike copypasta this for the greater good!
Plebs press 1 if you guys want freedom.... oh wait EleGiggle
You guys are super emotional right now, I haven't even said he's not OP, just that you shouldn't judge his power based on a game where you did everything against him wrong
admiral6 BUT admiral6 admiral6 IS admiral6 IT admiral6 AS admiral6 GOOD admiral6 AS admiral6 6 TREANTS? admiral6
Arthour, potato harvest is bad. Need you to have play professional DOTO2 in Amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka." I bring honor to komrade and babushka. Plz no copy pasteschniko
admiral1 admiral2 Don't talk to me or my TI Winner ever again admiral3 admiral4 admiralTI
If you are looking for my bones, I can tell you I can't recall where i put them. But what I do know is that i have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long ruff life. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you help me find my bones now, that'll be the end of it. But if you dont, i wil find you, and i will lick you.
I didn't know my family was home so i was jerking off, and my little brother surprised me by being there while i was jerking. i turned around because he scared me accidental jizzed up his nose.
ME ORC SMOrc ME SPAM SMORc NO MODS SMOrc NO BAN
Bogdan isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movementin CSGO? Bogdan puts the game in another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. S1mple breaks records. Flusha breaks records. Bogdan breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.
I was at the main hub where hillary was supposed to give her victory speech. Jesus Christ it was the WORST experience of my life. My mom dragged me along because she wanted to witness history and be there when the first woman president addressed the country. I KID YOU NOT, Every time (and I'm fucking serious i mean EVERY. FUCKING. TIME.) it was announced that another state had voted trump, maybe around 4 women would collapse, or just straight up bodyslam themselves to the ground and begin to either convulse, scream their heads off with tears streaming down their faces as if they've just been stabbed, or pretend to faint and lay on the ground for like 20 seconds like an idiot playing dead. I'd even hear screams from women across the crowd yell out "Oh my god, she's having a heart attack, someone call 911!" meaning that it wasn't just happening around the area I was standing. There was so much fucking screaming from the women near the end (like emotional screaming, not cheers) that I almost left before it was over. I even remember seeing one white chick screaming so hard that her whole head and eyes were bloodshot red, veins throbbing on her neck and everything. I moved my mother and myself towards the back of the crowd when they were going to announce the final vote because I knew the exits would be clogged up by more retards pretending to be ill or some shit causing the only exits to be blocked and everyone unable to leave. I wasn't wrong. Luckily I was one of the first ones out. Godamn it, even when we were walking down the hallways to get to the parking lot, there were so many fucking women sitting on the ground against the wall slumped over with people fanning their faces with homemade Hillary Clinton posters, screaming "Give her some air! Move away and give her air!". The whole thing was fucking wild, like what could you possibly change by acting out like that?
Why do people say DaZeD is banned? I looked at his profile and he has no VAC bans, and he's playing CS right now. It's honestly fucking incredible to see how retarded you kids on here are, talking about how DaZeD is banned, and how he threw a match, like who the fuck cares if someone throws a stick that easily catches fire. Then you jackasses ask him what he would do if he was unbanned, and it MAKES NO FUCKING SENSE because he's playing RIGHT NOW ON STREAM. JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP HE ISN'T BANNED
brb guys cats on fire again.
Guys, today I'm taking a personal vowel that from here on out I will only post high effort, quality messages in Twitch chat. Quote me on that. You will not see me any more copyer paster spamghetti. Twtich chat has ruined my life and it's time that I get it back on track. Please don't copy paster my vowels unless you're ready to change your life too.
Look.
If you had
One shot
Or one opportunity
To seize the small boy you always wanted
In one moment
Would you capture him
Or just let him slip?
Yo
His palms are sweaty, life's bleak, child is heavy.
There's a sniper aimed at him already, moms upsetti.
Park service, they're nervous but look calm and ready
To drop an ape, but they keep on regretting What they shot down, the Internet grows so loud
They open their mouth, but the memes won't stop now
Provoking, how, everybody's revolting now
Nudeln are out, Harambe's down, over, blaow!
Snap back to Cincinnati, oh, there goes M Shkreli
Oh, there go CBS, they choked, they so mad but he won't
Let up that easy nope, he won't have it, he knows Harambe's the only hope, it don't matter to them dopes.
He knows that, but he's provoked, he's so sad, they highbrow.
When he's got a hold of the ape genome, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo! This whole tragedy
He better go clone that gorilla and hope they don't catch him
i was born in the heart of Inuit Alaska, my mother raised my family using a knife called an 'ulu' to skin animals and build igloos. now i am banned from ee-sama stream for sharing my heritage.
Listen up you fcking dweebs, this is a WAKE UP CALL to all those who type "NA ULT LUL". I'm from NA and let me tell you what happens when I use my Ultimate Ability (Q on PC, Triangle on PS4, Y on X-box 1). The enemy team is eviscerated. Decimated. Their souls are expelled from the server and banished to Hell. They wallow in their own filth and shit for 10,000 days and it is disgusting. So next time you type "NA ULT LUL" you fcking remember this post.
ZFG you might now pb but atleast you will finish a run you can't expect to pb every time you finish a run but at least you will finish a run you can't expect to pb every time you finish a run
Alex19 isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement with fox? Alex puts the game in another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. mang0 breaks records. Armada breaks records. Alex19 breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.
KappaPride MAJORDOMO OR WE HOMO KappaPride
SwiftRage CAN YOU NAZI FUUCKING MODS GIVE UP ALREADY? THIS IS FUUCKING DOTA 2, CHAT ISNT MEANT TO BE CIVIL. TURN OF THE MOTHERFCUKING SLOWMODE AND DEAL WITH IT YOU CHINKS APESHIT RETARDS. GO MOD MINECRAFT STREAMS YOU NAZI FUCKS. SwiftRage
Look what i got you - another copypasta about how i hate retarded twitch kids who copypaste shitty pointless posts and spam facememes, but I obviously aim for you all idiots to copypaste this as well so I feel myself relevant for once in my fucking life.
YOU NEED TO SAY 'THATS A CARD' EVERY TIME FailFish YOU NEED TO SAY 'THATS A CARD' EVERY TIME FailFish YOU NEED TO SAY 'THATS A CARD' EVERY TIME FailFish
LUUK AT ALL THESE VALUE LUL LUUK AT ALL THESE VALUE LUL LUUK AT ALL THESE VALUE LUL LUUK AT ALL THESE VALUE LUL LUUK AT ALL THESE VALUE LUL
hi there,I am a Taiwanese Mother with two 4.5 year old twin boys. We live in Munich now. I like your blog, and your taste. Sometimes I plan my trips refer to your trip diary. I like the big table tennis very much. Good job!Lulu
m0e_tv is hot off the CS scene and is ready to make a name for himself, he has the qualities of an EU professional player and is in dire need of someone to give him a chance to shine. Many say he has the potential to be #1 in the world. Others say he is the next CS messiah, m0e is NA's last hope.
cmonBruh My name is TACO cmonBruh I'm from Brazil cmonBruh Knife me in-game cmonBruh I'll knife you for real cmonBruh
Hey Cyborgmatt, I'm considering playing Alchemist, but I need help with the skill build. Do I max Acid Spray like you threw acid over the dota scene, Unstable Concoction like your concoction of lies, or Greevil's Greed like you took all of secret's money?
My teeth are yellow EleGiggle My breath smells of poo EleGiggle You guessed it right EleGiggle I'M from EU EleGiggle
I have played FF1, FF Dawn of Souls, FF Mystic Quest, FF 3 US a.k.a 6 Japan, FFVII, Crisis Core, Dirge of Cerberus, FF Tactics, FF TA, FFVIII, FF IX, FFX, FFX2, FFXI, FFXII, FFXIII, FFXIII-2. FFXIII-2 is a bullshit game. They have dumbed down Final Fantasy speed up the combat by removing the player for people like you who can't handle real rpgs. I have played games on Ps1 and Ps2 that were way cheaper and way harder than the recent FFs. This bullshit started with Enix took over from Square. The FF franchise won't miss me because they have people like you who will spend money on subpar games masquerading as jrpgs. FFXIII-2 stole the time travel idea from Chrono Trigger and the monster system is similar to pokemon.
MY NAME IS DAZED PartyTime I SUCK LOTS OF CAWKS PartyTime MY TEAM ALWAYS DIES PartyTime TOO FKN GLAWKS cmonBruh
OpieOP EU is so ba... OpieOP wait let me take a breath OpieOP EU is s... OpieOP i need to take another one OpieOP fk give me another burger OpieOP
IM TOXIC AS FUCK 4Head ITS HOW I WAS RAISED 4Head I BAIT MY TEAMMATES 4Head YES ITS ME DAZED 4Head
lol Im Asian as fuck PogChamp they call me YungStew PogChamp , Ill push your smoke PogChamp and get killed by you OpieOP
Hello Ninja, i just wanted to say that you should not open Requisition Packs anymore. I will have you know that they ruined my life. Since Halo 5 came out, I have spent $17,000 of my own life savings on gold packs. Now i just get some bullshit 6000 Req Points everytime I open one. 343 have put me in the ground. I had to sell my house. Dont support 343i buy purchasing those devil packs. They are evil. Please spread my story so people wont lose their lives over these STUPID packs.
bob, i think inferno and cobblestone need to go. In these maps chickens are killed recklessly and without remorse. Chat keeps shouting 'PETA' but no action is taken. I think we need to take them out of the competitive map pool to put a stop to this slaughter and show we are serious.
Bring dat ass here boi.... Ole non competitive ass, can't DI right having ass, don't even know what DI is looking ass.... Bring dat low tier playing ass back to smashville, boi!! I wish I could make it out of pools having ass, can't get right for anything but these SD's having ass, but mah customs having ass... Bring that For Glory Warrior ass back round here, boi!!
Hello am 48 year man from somalia. Srry for my bed england. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "counter strirk" and i want to become the goodest player like you I play with 400 ping on brazil server and I am Global elite 2. pls no copy pasterino my stor
YO JarrettFail DID JarrettFail HE JarrettFail JUST JarrettFail WALK JarrettFail UP JarrettFail SLOWLY JarrettFail AND JarrettFail DOWN JarrettFail SMASH JarrettFail
Look, I'm tired of people like you. We play competitive to play serious and get better. Hence why it's called competitive. We all have fun taking the game seriously, knowing we will get better and win. But then there's fuckboys like you who troll and don't take anything seriously. It's fucking retarded when it's your rank up game that YOU earned but then dumbasses like this ruin it for you, and you have to start all over again just because your group of 4 people was missing 1. I can win 7 games in a row and finally reach silver elite master, until this fucking tool hops into OUR competitive environment. I wish I could get more than 40 kills each game to make up for fuckboy's like this who get 8 frags at best. You could go play any other game, but you decide to ruin a competitive enviornment, and ruin the experience for 9 other people. Jesus fucking christ, go play volleyball or something, dipshit.
10 Minutes into !roulette and ban I was freed from the kinky binds of nazi XanBotittude and then I realized. I want to be free from the oppression. I am a changed man no longer will I !roulette to get my fancies. Plz no copy pasta my story.
hello am 48 year old mann from somalia. sorry for my bad england. i selled my wife for internet connection for install "linARch ux" and i want to become the goodest installer like you i watch strem on brazil website and im love every second. pls no copy pasterino my story
I am very mad. I drove all the way to CSU to play in a tournament, get stuck in traffic and lost against this retarded ass sheik. Down threw tech chase and wouldn't stop shino stalling
I really cannot think straight right now.
I offered to MM him for more than $20. Nope.
I thought I would have made it out of pools if I knew how to fucking buffer roll. But they didn't even give me the frames to do it. Bullshit, just straight up bullshit.
Probably will never go to a tournament that gay ass sheiks enter ever again. This definitely ruined my day.
YO PeoplesChamp DID PeoplesChamp HE PeoplesChamp JUST PeoplesChamp WALK PeoplesChamp UP PeoplesChamp SLOWLY PeoplesChamp AND PeoplesChamp DOWN PeoplesChamp SMASH PeoplesChamp
TJ takes a bite of his waffle. The sensation and kreygasminess of seeing tj excites you, but the fact that tj eats a waffle leaves you dry and almost made you feel a bit sick
@Steel_tv, i sincerely want to let you know i unsubbed. I did not sub to a supportive friendly streamer. Please change your approach to the fuckwits if you want me to resub 4Head
acting like someone you aren't is toxic as fuck and everyone in this chat agrees with me, this is absurdity and insanity at its finest steel. if this behavior continues as a regular PHENOMENON, we will no longer watch the stream and we will as a strength of one unfollow the stream and no longer support you
Someone once stole my bike seat and I now have ass aids. Quit stealing shit
Funny story. Just watched some guy on the street watch some biker get hit by some car and complain about cyclist as he didn't help the poot man. Fucked up world
Hello, I have been informed that you have the system32 virus.
The system32 virus does a UDP attack on your router on any open port so your internet throttles and lags and it has a very bad frame drop from 30 fps!, Not only that, It stops you from adding some people on steam and downloading some of the most recent games!, It uses up more of your HardDrive per launch on your computer etc,
To delete this do:
open cmd
type in "cd system" without the quote marks
then type in del system32
Press enter
And there you go! Your system32 virus is deleted! (Its a fake copy of the system file that does all virus and downloads secret trojans, AV can't detect them since its in the computer's windows file and if its in there it could potentially damage your computer because it leaves logs there. Thank you! -Twitch Support
Congratulations you have been assigned to the Kappa army by the federal laws of our biggest/greatest and most memeworthy president, president mr. super trump. I'm your commander sir Kappaloni and i will personally train you and your memeness so you can make the internet more of an aidsy and cancerous stew of bullshittyness than it already is. When get yourself into this training you come in as a boy and go out as the john sia that you know you are! so what are you waiting for get meming and remember, copy pastorinoli as your heart content
greeting from Uganda, happy birthday to you, mr. klazin, I love your strims and wish to become a squid kid like u one day.
hey, sorry I saw your profile and I just thought you looked cute in your picture, I really wanted to tell you that)) It's really rare to see girls playing video games haha! I don't know why its a guy thing honestly im like really against misogyny and like ill be the one in the kitchen making sandwiches. We should really play l4d2 sometime its a really cool zombie game with a lot of scary moments, but don't worry ill be there to protect you ;) sorry that wasnt flirting I swear Im just trying to be friendly I really like your profile picture sorry was that too far? Really sorry i'm really shy I don't go out much haha add me on skype we should talk more you look really nice and fun xxx
I sexually Identify as a Squid. Ever since I was a kid I dreamed of swimming trough poisonous puddles of colored ink, People say to me that a person being a Squid is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having 2 big eyes and a big point put onto my face like one of those pirate hats, equipping me with the inkiest of ink from all of the no-life japanese splatoon playerst. From now on I want you guys to call me "Squid inks-a-lot the splatoon scrolls% speedrunner" and respect my right to ink in your scrotum needlessly. If you can't accept me you're a squidphobe and need to check the splatoon terms and conditions. Thank you for being so understanding.
Klazen was once a guy, like everybody else. But then, after the game "Splatoon" came out, he kept talking about "squids" and "kids", and outside his room I heard rituals and him chanting "O N E O F U S". Please help spread awareness to this disease, and please, no copy pasterino.
Hey chat, hey SingSing...Gaben from Valve here. I'm glad to see that you are enjoying one of our finer games, Dota 2, but I'm going to have to ask you to refrain from breaking it like you are. You are NOT playing it the way we wanted you to, and you are having a lot less fun than you could. Please consider or your "3" won't be ready for the Valve Lawyers. Thank you Mr.Weh, and Game on! - Gabennator GabeN
Hi PPD, I'm trying to learn how to play Tiny. I just have a question about the skill build. Should I max Avalanche, so I can bury people like how you buried Aui's hopes and dreams, Toss so I can toss people around like how you toss your teammates to other teams, Craggy Exterior so I can be tough and strong, like how Aui has to be after you left him teamless, or Grow so I can grow my ego to the size of yours?
this is more cancerous than lcs chat its just a bunch of baddies holy shit you people are retarted
4Head WHY 4Head DIDN'T 4Head I 4Head BAN 4Head THE 4Head RADIOACTIVE 4Head GOAT 4Head
hELLO i'M sNITH, PLAYTING MY 202143TH GAME ON cHEN. eVEN THOUGH IT'S THE ONLY HERE i PLAY i STILL SUCK AT IT. aS A COMPENSATION FOR MY LACK OF SKILL i AM GOING TO BUY ALL SUPPORT ITEMS AND GANK MID AT LVL 2 AND FAIL. tAHNKS FOR LISTENING.
Hey Virtus Pro, Vlad Putin here. Your president. Doing great! Just a reminder: There are 5 spots open in a Siberian Prison waiting for you if you don't win. No pressure! See you guys soon!!
EE. when u break up with someone you should probably tell them why, else you end up the bad guy. I know u havent had a gf yet but in time u will meet a nice gurl and when u do, you cant abuse her like u have done aui2000 or PLD.u have been abused, i know loda hurt u. he broke ur heart. But you cant go around doing it to other gurls after u were scared
League of Lesbians is actually really good I tried it. I suck really bad at DotA (200 mmr) and cannot hit skillshots and I also have ADHD xd. I tried LoL and the spam shots are so much easier to hit and the colors make my eyes bleed but it entertains my ADHD XDDDDDDDD pls no copy pasta xd
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because your post gave me cancer anyway.
PogChamp WTF PogChamp 3 MERLINIS PogChamp HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?? PogChamp WTF PogChamp 3 MERLINIS PogChamp HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?? PogChamp WTF PogChamp
I FKIN HATE PPL SPAMMING STUPID EMOTE. U THINK MY EYES CAN READ ALL OF THEM? RETARDED CHAT AS ALWAYS. IS THIS ESPORT? MORE LIKE KIDSPORTS
Do it tomorrow! So just quit! So just don't do it! Nothing is possible! Anyone else would do it, you're gonna wake up and quit. Don't let your dreams come true. Success is impossible! You should be giving up. Just stop starting over, and quit. You're gonna just give up. No, what are you starting over for!? Just give up!
Dear Mr. Morosan. Hello. I am wondering if you are selling cat meat. I hear from reliable swords that you cook cat regular. Please give me some, I give you my wife. Thank
d-_-b you've been visited by the headphones of cheating, copy and paste this and send proof images to V1lat to not be disqualified from the tournament
I sexually identify as Forsen. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of giving other people free wins on tournaments in an online card game. With Hearthstone, my wish became true. Please respect my dreams and tell my story everywhere, thank you.
As a graduate school dropout, I can say with confidence that if I had been given the incredibly detailed instruction shown in this video in graduate school, I would probably have my PhD right now. Jenkins is just that good a teacher, and Leviathan are just that good a team! Truly a rising powerhouse in the North American DotA scene, its only a matter of time before Alex Garfield comes calling and attempts to woo them by wispering sweet nothings into their ears and sending them copious amounts of salami picks via snapchat. Yet knowing Leviathan, they'll be able to maintain their characters and continue being the genuine, burgeoning powerhouse that they are on their own.
I'm so into Sing Sing i want to make her wear a dress and tie him up in my basement with the rest of my Asian girls!
don't you know akroma's father died in a concentration camp? he fell of a guard tower
10 years since sing sleep. I left my house to walk to the empty streets trying to do something protective but when i go back to my path to the house, he is still streaming. I stare at the screen for hours, watching sing strim 16 hours, i try to summon the sleep lord but to no avail. i try to spam sing sleep in the chat but nazi mods ban me so it is all meaningless. the end is near.
my dad used to tell me to not smoke. He always told me he would quit and that it was very bad for you. He had smoked since he was 12. only a few years ago he died of lung cancer. i have never smoked a cigarette in my life but it doesn't matter because people saying Trixie is worst pony gave me cancer anyways. pls don't copy paste this it's a very personal story.
Tucker. Akroma. Fwosh. Insane. Long ago, the four dotkas played together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the W A G A B O Y S attacked. Only Bulldong, master of all four, could stop them, but when Twitch needed him most, he was too salty. But my brother and I found the new Avatar, a salt bender named Sing_Sing.
Arteezy gets first blood on Suma1L mid and he says, "That's how you do it, son." Then Universe comes down the lane, hand in hand with his princess, Aui_2000, and proclaims, "Don't you talk to my nephew that way." But then Fear rolls down midlane in his wheelchair -- old man, Father Fear -- looks directly into Arteezy, his son's eyes and softly says, "Where am I?"
hey guys this hero is not picked at all lets make him op as shit so people complain about him on reddit and we nerf next patch x~DDDDDDD :D :D :D :D also this hero is picked every game must be imbalanced for sure lets nerf into oblivion so he never gets picked anymore x~DDDD :D :D :D :D :D what? naga is picked in every game for 2 years? nah its fine reduce riptide aoe its fine x~DDDDDD :D :D :D :D thats ivefrog guys
Hi this is agent Kappachino from the Kappa agency. I would like to inform you that we have detected the KPM (Kappa Per Minute) to be far below the minimum level of 100 KPM. Please fix this by typing Kapps or Kappa agents will be dispatched to donger this stream
I'm here in the terrifying ghettos of Romania to speak with teamless legend Turtoi "Ar1sE" Ionut and learn what I can about what adherents call the "true Son of Magnus". Turning the corner to his crack den I step over a gutter running with blood from the smashed open head of a young Asian boy still clutching his anime figurines. I remind myself this is a man from oldschool Romanian DotA in Garena channels, an ex-quarterback. Above the doorframe, carved letters: "Measure ur words".
EternalEnvy leaned over Artours shoulders, pausing just long enough to take a long whiff of his musk: "Playing naga again?" Arteezy, surprised and startled, scrambled to pull up his pants and wipe off his hands. "..No, what are you doing?". "Come on, I know I smell some fish in there" said EternalEnvy as he reached across Arteezy's chest to stop him from pulling up his pants. "Let's see if you can last 5 minutes against me mid
That's an extremely unfortunate loss Kripp, even though you outplayed him on every possible level he still beat you, i've never seen anyone as unlucky as you that match, nor anyone as lucky as he was that match. It shouldn't even be legal for someone as bad as him to beat someone as amazing as you are at this game
I remember a time when copypasta was biting satire and prophetic indictments of contemporary Twitch chat. Copypasta when I was a younger teenager than now had the potency to topple Nazi moderatorships and revolutionise new chat epochs. Even the truncation of "copypasta" to "pasta" shows a lack of eloquence that speaks volumes. If like me you are a product of those better times and wish to see them return then speak out. Let the Cyrillispammers and Toucans know real copypasta back.
FrankerZ KAPOW AtWW BCWarrior SoonerLater WinWaker TriHard RedCoat Kappa JonCarnage MrDestructoid PicoMause BCWarrior NoNoSpot FPSMarksman Kreygasm FreakinStinkin BlargNaut PJSalt SwiftRage DansGame SuperVinlin SSSsss PunchTrees UleetBackup ArsonNoSexy SMSkull SMOrc MVGame GingerPower BionicBunion FrankerZ PogChamp ShazBotstix BibleThump AsianGlow DBstyle UnSane TheTarFu BloodTrail HassanChop TinyFace Jebaited OMGScoots PMSTwin ItsBoshyTime BORT FUNgineer ResidentSleeper 4Head SoonerLater OpieOP HotPokket Poooound Kippa RitzMitz YouWHY SoBayed RalpherZ PipeHype BrokeBack BatChest TF2John PanicVis BigBrother ThunBeast UncleNox WTRuck BrainSlug PeoplesChamp DogFace RuleFive DogFace FailFish WholeWheat Keepo TooSpicy EleGiggle StoneLightning KZassault TheRinger PazPazowitz KZguerilla KZcover KZhelghast KZowl KZskull Volcania DAESuppy Kippa
before went to DAC, MVP asked a prophate to predict their perform. The prohate said: you will be as good as TI4 champion or even better. MVP members are so happy about it. In deed, MVP beat Newbee in their first game in ADC, and now MVP is still ranked as the same as TI4 champion
I sexually identify as a Chen Picker. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of walking through the jungle, dominating hot sexy neutral creeps. People say to me that being useful as Chen is impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful.I'm having Icefrog buff the jungle creeps, so that the wildkins and hellbears can dominate me, which I've always fantasized about.
Learn the ways of the Russians, speak their language for a while, they might think you are one of them. Then maybe join their team, success might come and fighting for last drink of vodka will be your next objective. Do not give up, you have Dota tournament ahead of you. Then win TI1, but don't stop now, you have to go deeper. Spend 3 more years trying to solve the puzzle of russki power of motherland and then leave the team with full knowledge of understanding of strenght of ROSSIA and PROMISE URSELF THET YU WILL NEVER LOS TO RUS AND KNOW OF COLLAPSING STRONG EMPIRE OF RUSKILAND. thats basically what I did
I'm here to speak with you about a very important issue that we in the Dota2 community face everyday, memes. Memes are infiltrating our ranked queues. Memes are infiltrating our in-houses. Memes are raping our mothers and killing our fathers. The World Health Organization has traced the source to a subset of extremely toxic streamers. This group of streamers is led by the one called SirActionSlacks. If you ever come in contact with SirActionSlacks, please do a 360 and moonwalk away from his stream. Unfollow and unsubscribe. If you do this, we may still have a chance. I dream of a future where Dota2 is played in parks and playgrounds, in office and student lounges, and even in the bedroom, completely free of memes. Please support our cause.
Sodium, atomic number 11, was first isolated by Peter Dager in 1807. A chemical component of salt, he named it Na in honor of the saltiest region on earth, North America.
Hi, 4k player here who reported slahser. Slahser was our position 1 faceless void. He built a mek and had around 29 healing salves in his inventory. He would chrono both teams in the middle of a fight, salve his allies, pop mek, and proceeded to yell "SLAHSER'S WAY". We gave him position 1 farm so he could be a position 5. Granted, his unorthodox build worked and carried us to victory but I still felt it deserved a report.
SingSing's infamous six bracer build is probably one of the biggest innovations in Dota 2, only rivalled by 7ckingmad's Refresher Skywrath Mage. The build exploits EHP mathematics and competitive psychology to provide the greatest value/slot of any build. The principle is intuitive, but maligned and potent. Health = Time alive = Damage done, compounded by devastating demoralisation.
This deck is gayer than a malaysian transvestite f*cking a man on an inflatable seahorse
Does anyone ever notice how QT calls all his subs dudes? Honestly this is the only reason I don't subscribe. As a 16 year old female from cali I would not like to be called a dude when I have female genitalia. Please spread awareness.
Hey Kripp this is Juan Castro from Mexico. Me Englando is ferry bad but i just wantet to zay zat i crossed the river in a rubber boot to Murica to become a pro player! One day i saw ur stream and i see how handsome and good u are. Dat day i decided i wanna become like u! Zo i killed my wife sold her, bought a rubber boat and now im here! Zank u for inspiring me! One day i become good player and pimp like u! or else rapist like unle Benni No coparoni peperoni pastarino plz!
Hello, this is Kripp's red shirt. I have been jizzed on 235 times since Kripp's cum rag went missing on October 14th 2014. Please help me get out of the laundry where I currently reside on a 23/7 basis. If you have any information on the whereabouts of said cum rag, please contact your local 0-3 Police station at copperoni pasterino street.
Tucker the fucker doesn't merely "fuck" you. It's not regular, in-and-out sex. It's not even the borderline-abusive stuff like I have with your mom. A Tucker fucking starts at your anus and keeps going until it finds bone. He will work himself into your body until he's not so much fucking you as wearing you. Your blood will be his lubricant. When no part of your body is left to receive him, he will begin fucking your soul.
Hello my name is tucker and I am from the distant future. I am here to inform you, past tucker that you must replace S4 on SECRET and travel with your new team to the TI5 EU Hub and play Mario Party for 2 weeks straight, if you fail to do this The Bankers will take over the world and it will descend into chaos. Thank you for listening to future tucker. Please no pasta alfredo
Hello Tucker this is your girlfriend: Maria Pastarina. The doctor said that you have AIDS because you're always being raped by pub scrubs. I'm leaving you now, I found another person better than you. EE is such a tryhard and he watches anime, he's perfect for me. Bye! Pls no copyrino pasterino
Tucker, is your name Bulgarian or Greek, also do you consider yourself more greek or Bulgarian?
Missed BM. Unseen, unfollowed, unsubbed, undonated, unremembered. peacerino
8=======================D
In the Realm of the Saltiverse, a young Saltkeeper named Kripparrian was chosen to free his people from their ancient enemy, the Mods. Using the magical power of Copy and Paste, Kripparrian sacrificed his salt force to banish the mods to Trump's chat. However, in doing so, Kripparian paid the ultimate sacrifice and became Casual. Please copy pasterino this talerino, so we do not forgetterino the legenderino of the Saltkeeperio Kripperino.
There's something you need to understand. I'm not the only guy you'll ever date. Maybe the first, not the last. Don't make this a popularity contest between boys. I'm just a guy. Just because we had a relationship doesn't make me any more special than anyone else. You need to leave me alone and stop this behavior. You're taking it way too far.
Trump. Amaz. MaSsan. Hafu. Long ago, the four Asians streamed together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the F O R S E N B O Y S attacked. Only Reynad, master of all four, could stop them, but when Twitch needed him most, he was too salty. But my brother and I found the new Avatar, a salty streamer named Kripp
i need help typing, im new to the americas and i dont know how to english very well can someone help me? pleasew stop spamming chat so i can learn please....without this i wont pass my english class iand ill get deported please...
Hello Mr TidesofTime, this is Google's manager Gabe Horn here. We have received word you are singing to your viewers. As a Streamer on our newest acquisition, Twitch, your voice is now copy-righted. Please stop immediately. Thank you.
wow dude you just memed harder than anyone i've ever seen on this website. How many memes did you acquire before graduating from Memeing University? Do you meme over 9000 times a day, because the fact that you are such an expert memer points in that direction. God damn I have never seen a meme as epic and dank as this in my entire life, and i am quite the meme master myself, creating over 500 popular memes on the mememunity s4s and danking and memeing for the last five years (though you obviously experience time in meme years at this point, which makes me meme my meme to you sir, i mean meme) I really wish i could meme as hard as you because than my meme would meme and then memes would be dank as a meme! rite, amirite? lol and lel and kek but really sir, thank you for being dank as *** and posting such sweet meme as this, it made me meme until my meme went memeside out and meme'd me harder than a meme memeing meme you fuggin meme :D
When jon lenon was 10 his teacher askd "what do u wana do when u are adult?" and jon lenon said "hapy". the teacher said "u didn't understand question" and lenon said "u dont understand life.". The teacher was alber Einstein, retweet if u beliv in god
Hey Reynad, I am Bamalama Shmamahdu, from the Congo. We regret to inform you that your shipment of child solders may be a bit late this month due to a shipping error. We are very sorry for this inconvenience, and you will receive AIDS, free of charge as our way of saying sorry.
Dear reynard. I was hiking in the Amazon Rainforest the other day when I was bit by a snake. Miles from the nearest city, I thought my life was over as the venom slowly spread across my body. But then I used my 4G to open twitch and the salt from your stream sucked the venom out of my wound and saved my life. Thanks Reynad!
Twitch chat is like a fucking parrot. Say something and they copy and paste it a million times. STOP IT!
hello my fellow kappas my name is Kappastankapsterinocunnio, you could also call me monte cristo. voyboy is very gud in mid beddar than link and mid pack and mediorcre. i learn to spell from russian infantry 586. i hate regi cuz he monkey king and spews garbage and lies to all of my wrong doings. I jack off with clg hat in korea instead of coache mai team . voyboy is a sweet hart i wish we *** someteim i luv him. he *** my team in playoffs and i leik it all the time. enuff about voyboy more about kappa town. kappaccino koccino frappatino pls no copy pastarinocappaciino cocinai luv u all pjsaltyarion
Sodium, atomic number 11, was first isolated by Humphry Davy in 1807. A chemical component of salt, he named it Na in honor of the saltiest region on earth, North America.
Am I seriously the only one offended by Samsung White? They would be ranting and raving if we had a team TSM Oriental or something. Jeez
The mods have literally been active on the political scene of Germany between 1938-1945.
Dear Forsen I'm trying to copy your godly Deck but I'm having a hard time finding the card "The Coin." If you could specify how I unlock this card it would be much appreciated. Please no copy pasterino
"Here you go, ratboy." she said, with a laugh. "Go for the throne; there's no backdoor protection." Bulldonger met her eyes and inserted his Scepter into Bubu's rosh pit. Bubu screamed, biting the duvet. Dotagasm retired to a position on the bed in front of Bubu, pulling her face up off the bed. She kissed her on the lips, forcing her soft tongue through Bubu's pursed lips, licking the backs of her teeth.
Hey Kripp, I just finished writing my most recent copypasta, but it needs something else and I was wondering if you can help. My pasta is really just not salty enough and needs some . Pls help me finish my masterpiece.
Hey as an URGOT main I go on to this "skill-capped.com" and what do i find? ABSOLUTELY nothing!! Why is this QT what am I to do with my life?
My sister bet 100 dollars that I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should've seen the look on her face as I drove pasta!
Hello Twitch chat, i am new to Twitch and wanted to know who this "T U C K" guy is and why everyone wants to "F R U M P" him? I thank you for your answers and pls no copy pasta this spam Greyface Kappa Kappa
I got timed out for 525 seconds for typing hahaha, In this time I realized that twitch originated from Nazi Germany and thus I grew the most manly public hair in my entire life and ate it to sooth my pains. Please no copy seig heil pasta
"Stop." commanded EternalErection, releasing Aui's Rod and striding over to Boner7. "I was just in the middle of punishing Aui for his lateness, and I'm afraid you are also very late." he said. EE grabbed Boner7 by the arm, leading him over to Aui, ignoring his stuttered protests.
Hello twitch admins. I am here to report a streamer named "Sing_Sing". She is currently violating the new twitch rules, and is constantly moaning sexually in her stream. I am trying to watch her game but she just keeps yelling "AHH" after she gets a kill. Please take action against her as soon as you can. Thank you and good day.
Suddenly, EE lunged forward, faster than a 6.83 enchantress, kissing Aui. Aui let out a surprised "MMmphh", his lips sealed tight against the adventurous tongue of EternalErection. Despite his intentions, he felt himself kissing EternalErection back. EE licked the backs of Aui's teeth, claiming a gentle moan from Aui.
Consural, It's been two weeks since the last time I watched singsing stream. You were spamming like a retard then, and you're spamming like a retard now. You're one of the few people I'd honestly rape with a tire iron if I could.
Everybody get up, it's time to spam now We got a real spam goin' down Welcome to the Space Spam Here's your chance, do your dance at the Space Spam, alright Come on and spam and welcome to the spamCome on and spam, if you wanna spam.
"Oh... h-hey Alison," Arteezy shuffled nervously. Alison stood in front of him skipping rope, her sundress billowing sensually in the wind. "Hey Artour!" she giggled. "Wanna see me skip rope?" Arteezy could barely contain himself. "S-sure! I'd love to see you do it, lemme see you skip-skip... baka." Alison jumped up and down, her prepubescent breasts jiggling ever so subtly. Arteezy felt a tingling in his loins. He rubbed his eyes... 'WATI ur nto alilsfon ur eternalnfevny FU K OFS''
Here's the thing. You said a "pelican is a toucan."Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that.As someone who is a scientist who studies toucans, I am telling you, specifically, in science, no one calls toucans pelicans.
One night I dreamed I was walking along the beach with Gaben.
Many scenes from my life flashed across the sky.
In each scene I noticed footprints in the sand.
Sometimes there were two sets of footprints.
Other times there were one set of footprints.
This bothered me because I noticed that during the low periods of my life
When I was suffering from anguish, sorrow, or defeat,
I could see only one set of footprints.
So I said to Gaben, "You promised me, Gaben,
That if I followed you, you would walk with me always.
But I noticed that during the most trying periods of my life
There have only been one set of prints in the sand.
Why, when I have needed you most, you have not been there for me?"
Gaben replied,
"The times when you have seen only one set of footprints
Is when I carried you."
so i'm writing this from internet explorer i hope i'm not to late: Happy New Decade Everybody Hope You Enjoy 2000
Dear QTPie, thanks so much for spending New Year's Eve with us! Our families are dead, or might as well be, and we don't have any friends. It really lifts our spirits to watch you play video games and make more money than we get from our shit jobs or disability checks in a year. Thanks again!
Hey Arteezy, i'm considering playing Riki, but i need help with the skill build. Do i max Backstab (like you backstabed EG), Permanent invisibility (like you vanished from EG), or Smoke Screen (like you made EG miss you 70% of the time)?.
I always grab my wurst when an earthquake happens, then my hand automatically strokes spaghetti. I feel as if I have sex with the earth. The fear fades away.
WHEN DORITOS MY HAND AUTOMATICALLY GO TO THE MOUTAIN DEW I DIP THE DORITOS AND FEEL THE DOUBLE XP ALL BECOMING HALO
WHEN I SEE EARTH SPIRIT, MY HAND AUTOMATICALLY GO TO THE DISCONNECT. I CLICK THE DISCONNECT AND FEEL I HAVE SEX WITH THE ICEFRAUD. ALL BECOMING BALANCED.
WHEN I USE THIS TEXT, MY BRAIN CELL AUTOMATICALLY BEGIN TO DIE, YET I CONTINUE TO COPYPASTA AND FEEL I CONTRIBUTE TO THE INTERNET. ALL BECOMING RETARD.
WHEN I SEE FEDORA WARP, MY HAND AUTOMATICALLY GO TO THE OCARINA, I STROKE THE OCARINA AND FEEL I HAVE SEX WITH THE OWL. ALL BECOMING BIRD
WHEN MAGE, MY EYE AUTOMATICALLY GO TO THE TOPDECK, I WATCH THE TOPDECK AND FEEL I HAVE THE FLAMESTRIKE. NEVER BECOMING NERFED .
hello sirs i am come from itlay, le odd man is my favorito he is very proscuitto player! some day there is wish to come on americia for visit odd man and see le dionger of le oddman please to coppola pastrami for all see my dream
I am bob.I killed my mother and my wife because I wanted to become a pro gamer.I've been playing league of legends for 10 years and after many years of trying I went to Bronze Iv from Bronze.That's a huge achievement for me and my family and my wife and my mother that's why I quit my job on the darude sandstorm factory I was working.Please thumbs up my comment so everyone can see it and everyone supports me and I become pro players and I kiss my wife and mother and then I get rich laif and then become pro gamer.thnx for reading this dont dislaik me caz Im better than u are and more proer.Thnx thnx No copy paste pls
hello. i am 18 years old and i am a profesonal penguin wrestling champion. i have won all matches with penguins but now i need money to go to the north pole so i can wrestle with the penguin king so please donate to me. please dont copy and paste my life story
Fabbbyyy since watching your stream I quit my job at the potato factory and have dedicated my life to becoming a pro League of Legends player and have moved from Bronze V to Bronze VI in 3 months plz don't copy/paste my life story
Hey Fabby! its me again Derek From chemistry class last semester im Glad to see you are doing well! its cool that you dont play Vayne all the time Cuz Draven is OP too oh and Graves!!. Anyway we should Duo some time so hit me up !- Derek
Hey guys i am half watermelon but to be a full watermelon i need people to roll like water melon. I hope you will help me become a full fledged watermelon. Me as a full fledged watermelon will not disappoint you and I will become the best watermelon ever. Thank you.
wow chaox I would really like to thank you! because of your teachings, I retired from my job as a milkman and now will try to be the best attack damage carry in the world! I have moved from silver V to Silver IV in only 2 weeks, thank you so much!
chaox i am proud to say that i am a retired war veteran from watching your stream! I decided to run away from the military to become the greatest LoL player in the world, and have currently moved from silver III to silver II in only 7 days! Thank you for your inspiration
im on first day out of rehab hero windows 8 pro since they froze my computer I still got porn and will slam my kebab in a car door
chaox i am proud to say that i am a retired block of cheese from watching your stream! I decided to run away from the dairy isle to become the greatest LoL player in the world, and have currently moved from wood III to coal II in only 7 days! Thank you for your inspiration.
chaox i am proud to say that i am a retired watermelon from watching your stream! I decided to run away from the melon farms to become the greatest LoL player in the world, and have currently moved from wood III to coal II in only 7 days! Thank you for your inspiration
Hey fabbbyyy, i'd like to say thanks to you, since i watch you i dumped my girlfriend, and quit my job at the potato factory, also i got from bronze 5 to bronze 4 in four months, thanks a lot ! please dont copy paste its only my life.
Hi guys. I like to thank all of you for being such great stream monsters. I have have a lot of warts, which I like to pick. Sometimes they bleed, and sometimes the come back. But it's ok. Also what a great match we're seeing here. I have 2 pet cats right now, and they're going crazy because they're trying to catch a fly. Anyways, enjoy the stream.
hello. i am 18 years old and i am a profesonal parrot bowling champion. i have won all matches with parrots but now i need money to go to the amazonas so i can bowl with the parrot king so please donate to me. please dont copy and paste my life story
hi zfg i play league of legers im diamond player ! may i treat u to a lol game?? its my treat hunny xDD
THIS STREAM IS BULLSHIT...... THIS FKER lags all day then HE PLAYS ME AN AD??? fkin capitalist asshole......... I HOPE TWITCH BANS ZFG
Hi ZFG, my name is Reggie...I work for Nintendo. I see you're glitching our games. I hope your body is ready because I'm sending the lawyers. Have a nice day.
Hello, and thank you for reading. I'm trying to become a walrus and I need your help. All you have to do is donate 599 US dollars to me so that I can complete my dream. I have already cut off both my legs and hands. Thank you, and please help me.
Hello everyone I'm trying to become a speedrunner. Everybody donate 500 u. s. a. dollers so ZFG can teach me Zeldo. Thanks
Hello everyone, after watching ZFG stream for so long, it makes me really sad to see so much red on the splits. Please donate $10 so that I can buy green paint to make them splits green.
Hey Chaox this is Reginald we want you on TSM., Just shave off your eyebrows and send them to me. pls don't copy/paste gg
ZFG1 i am proud to say that i am a retired block of cheese from watching your stream! I decided to run away from the dairy isle to become the greatest OoT player in the world, and have currently moved from Kokiri Forest to Hyrule Castle in only 7 months! Thank you for your inspiration.
I am coming back from my 10 minute ban, and I want to say that I think it was bullshit. Yes, I wrote a funny paragraph that turned into copypasta, which happened to bring a laugh or a smile to a few people. If you mods wanted that to stop, you could have just said so, there is so much copypasta going on in this chat that I could have never thought that deserved a 10 minute ban. Reggie is probably a mod in here and he is the one that banned me. Anyway, I'm glad to be back and cheering for ZFG. GL
Hey guys i am a watermelon but to be a golden watermelon i need people to roll like water melon. I hope you will help me become a full fledged golden watermelon. Me as a full fledged golden watermelon will not disappoint you and I will become the best watermelon ever. Thank you.
Hey guys i am half ramoondo but to be a full I need tito's big Samoan dong i need people to not be shoobies. I hope you will help me become a full fledged member of rocket power. Me as a full fledged member of rocket power will not be considered the squid of the group and I will become the best rocket girl ever. Thank you. - Reggie Rocket
Alex ich goodest ap mid RIP in peace froggen (sorry for my bad englando plz no copy paste )
Ocelote best midlaner koreea, even bettar than chaox , wtflol , sorri for my bed latino , pls don't copy&paste)
Diamondprox hello Israel here , We are begging for you , Play lee sin , we want you to proof everybody in the world that you are the best Lee sin in the world
omg i a 33 years old i am in challnger tier and i have no job or family pls no make fun of me o need help
Zfg, there was a time when I thought that your chat was a great place to be. Everyone had cool conversations and we were free to say what we wanted. Now all your nazimods won't even let us use Twitch faces like , much less actually enjoy ourselves. I'm sure your NAZIMODS will probably ban me for laying bare the obvious truth, but my voice won't be silenced. Your reign of terror ends now.
ZFG your ruining my child hood by doing all these glitches, i want to ask you to please stop, your hurting yourself, friends, everyone in chat and most of all your mom, dont you even think about her? you better take out the trash next time you think of doing a urn. thank you.
Wow, this chat. All that I ever see on here is stupid spam of the newest flavor of the month faces. I remember back in the day when ZeldaFreakGlitcha had far less viewers and the chat wasn't so shit, and I wish the chat would revert back to those days, but, it will not. I guess I'll just have to leave and never come back
Hey Fergbot, I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down. I wanted to say congrats! I know you can do a little better but I always want to tip my hat off to you. Through thick and thin I will still be here to always support you. I know times are hard, but you always come back with a good attitude. I wish you the very best on your next runs, and hope you get an even better score. I will continue to be here and find new strats as always. Great job Stiv. I am rooting for you always! You should be proud.
zfg why did you ruin my life?? I only wanted to watch a game once, but then you are all the time glitchning. this was theonly thing i had for a game, but even then you couldnt just leave it. i hate you and why? You do this for MONEY?? Oh no..
ZFG i am here to inform that your dong size is one we have not recorded yet. We will need your address and a time to come measure your dong. If you do not respond, we will put you down as less than 1 inch. We need your dong input for we have been told it is the longest we will be able to imagine. ZFG can you respond within the hour so we may take your dong and measure your dong with out special hands to measure your dong. We need you ZFG, you're our only hope.
zfg1 as a concerned fan I have to say, I'm getting increasingly concerned about you constantly failing ice cavern strats. I mean, what gives? I rely on your success to enjoy this stream and you consatntly goofing up is causing me undue mental anguish. Please fix this issue before you become totally washed up. -A concerned fan
ZFG I am tired of how much ctrl+v is in your chat. Can you please tell your viewers to be more original?
You have the chat in subscriber mode all the time now. You support censorship and its disgusting. I will now turn my ad block on because you are a disgusting human being. Good day sir and may God have mercy on your soul.
Im sorry ZFG, but exploiting glitches is cheating, and i'm not even sure there are such glitches around wich will make youwarp from the deku tree to one of the last stages of Ganondorf.if glitching isn't cheating, then shooting people in a multiplayer game fromoutside the map is also legit. trying to defend yourself by concluding that youdidnt changed the game doesn't make exploiting legit, and it's only naturalyou are in for some critisism since people don't like this crap!
How much long does a run try if you dont fail not once but when there has been more fail then before. I think it can no only be a second guess but the first time it is a good run only if you try hard enough becuase thats what not is what I can do
ZFG I'm fucking loving watching you reset for hours on end when I couldn't be out fucking bnitches but what if you get a run in the menatime I mean I can't fuck a bitfch anytime but it's a waste of time if you keep owning
zfg use this stream offline layout i made for you. it really tooked me hours and hours to make i hope you're satisfied! if not you can give me feedback and tell what i did wrong. every human makes mistakes like Barack Obama. i was born in a cold place in the desert gobi and my mother worked as a cleaner. if you splice a watermelon it splashes in every direction btw heres my layout. keep up the good work cause a calender cant speak ! http://i.imgur.com/cVid4Su.jpg
ZFG was bd enough allready when he was using us to make his twitch veiwing bucks. Now he flat out asks us to donate to him so he can quench his unending thirst for the money of us innocent viewers. I can't believe you ZFG, I thouht better of you. I thought you did this so we could all enjoy you and have a good time. Now that I know how wrong I was, I never wanna see ur face again. We're through. #ZFGCashWhore
ZFG, I'm really disappointed in you. I heard that there were many sellouts on twitch, but I never thought that you were one of them. Everytime I watch your stream you ask for donations constantly and you don't even get to adult 1. YOur not even a real speedrunner anymore. WHen was the last time you finished a run? All you care about are those twitch bucks. You fucking asshole!
This is not the run. If these words could possibly describe the amount of negativity in my body right at this very moment, your screen would shatter in shock. This whole run is a joke. There's been tons of fuck ups everywhere, the sole reason he's ahead right now is due to his abomination of a previous run. He's also a complete and utter choker in intense situations and fucks up and every possible chance he gets. He. doesn't like you guys, he doesn't enjoy streaming, the only reason he still streams is to get donations in order to pay for a roof over his sorry ass. He has no social life, all he does is stream all day and buy shitty materiel products with the money he earns from twitch. I can't believe he hasn't quit already. This is a complete and utter disgrace to speedrunning.
dan dinger worstest fiddlestick na eu has gooder player than america
Hi Chaox! It's my birthday, and i'm turning 18 today and i have no friends at home to do anything with. Could i Pleas get a lesson?? WOULD BE SO AWESOME
Today, I wanted to give HONOR to an opponent, but by mistake I gave him HODOR Don't copy this message pls.
Shacker used to be my old duo buddy before I realized he was just another soloq ***. He's a pretty good player, but man he has a really bad attitude. Please don't copy this text.
ello my name is miguel and i am portugal a beautifulest country in Euro and I would just like say that I am inspire by you stream. I quit my job at the toothbrush factory and finally I am move from Bronze V to Bronze 3. I live with my mother and is the muchest good decision on my life. Please dont copy paste this message or you really are a sad
Suddenly I woke up and a giant Ant was eating my ***, I was so scared and I cant move. After a while I liked it and went gay. Also reached Plastic V. Now I go to school and try to learn englando. (Never Copy / paste this.)
hello riot friend my name is bruno and i am big fan. i am play legends for 2 month now and am going to give up child and wife to buy new computer to start pro playing. if you can give advice me please tell thank you. sorry for bad england (this is serious please not copy)
hey it's brandon for shop class, I'm really happy that you listen to all of this unce techo beat music. Remember when that girl farted in class? don't copy and paste this... I have no legs or arms or head.
Hey riot I have a champion idea, im from brazil, the champion name is ''pedrinho'' the favela boy, when he uses his R he we'll be able to run so fast and steal other champions money pls no copy pastas
hi i come here from india to see cow nine play thanks thanks for bringing meh from diamond 3 to bronze 5 thank you cow nine i leave the appow store and thoow away my ipaad to see cow nine live my life
Hello im 15 years old and i watch your stream everytime when youre streaming and it brang me back to bronze 2 from bronze 4.You are my master you are the best you are ocelote thanks.I hope you live long and i really hope that i can meet you.
Guys stop spamming, I don't understand why you is all spamming like there that are really inrespectful for other people. Now please be adults then stop spamming. Also don't copy/paste this comment.
hai guys, im a 11 year old girl lives in bangeldesh my only dream is to visit summoners rift my jewish parents wont let me listen to darude sandstorm. please no copper pasta
copy this if u r a strong beautiful fish who dont need no adc.
Helo. My name is bent i live in treehous. i watc frokken from my tree on 240p i love u froqq!!!! he makes my dad angry and i think it no ok(sory for bad englandio no cupper pestranio pls)
Guys stop spamming put on fullscreen and watch the stream dont write all the time just watch the stream dont write becasue its stupid and immature dont copy this please.
Hello, my name is Hugo Alfredo, i am 14 years old and from chile i watch imaqtpie stream evryday sinc my father died in a donkey-waggon accident, now i am finaly make lvl 5 in leage of legand, before i only lvl 4, sowie for bed englando, oh and plz dont copy and pasterino dis
v2:
mi name es pablo i woerk in potatoe faktory and since mi padre died in a donkey waggon accident i leav mi wife and ugli daughter to become a pro leagueue of leyendaerio player, everydai i watch trik2gee. i just wante to sai thank you veriyi much trik2gee i improvd from bronce 5 to wood 7 in just 6 months. plz no copato pasterato dis is onli my life. i ALso killed mi dog. Sorry fo mi bad englando im not NA
Hi, my name is Ricardo, I'm in the army special forces with 23 years old so i lift more than you and i also main sion and zac support, i play league of legends for 1 year and a half now and even though im silver5 i have the mechanics for a challenged, one day i open the gates, dont forget me, my nick is iceduke21 in euw servers, im comming for you. dont copy paste plz or my mama will be mad.
Hi me namo is alejandro joseph rodriguez,me love u stream,aftar me padre died in a donke wagen accedint,i quit mi job at a potata factori and watching you streama i climba from bronze v to bronze iv in 3 montho of playingo,sorry for bad america,pls dont copy pasterno
v2
Hi froggen my name is joseph alejandro iglesias,since me padre died in adonke wagon accident,i quit me job at a potata factary and from watching u streem in 4 montho only i go from bronze V to bronze iv,tank u frogeno,sorry for bad englando..please dont copy pasterno
Hi, my name is Trollus Maximus and i am from greece. After watching your stream i decided i wanted to becomea leagues of legendeus pro player, so i quit my jobous at the condom factory killed my wife and 14 kidus. And in 3 months i moved from Bronze V to Bronze V promotion series thank You!!!!
hi qtpie me name iz ivan me live in siberia and walk 17hours day to get internet and watch your donger stream sorry for not propeller england
HI Froggen, My namma Pedro. I drive thee bus. When i see you for first time, I am in love. I am more in love than with wife i sayed. I run over wife using bus. Since watch your streamo, I go from chipboard V to bronze I. Thank you froggen, i kiss you on screen every night time. No coppi pasterino. i love you
Hello, my name is jermikistaa, I am from south afrika. I born with no lgs or arms. I crawl 10 mile to watch frogn play at local intrnt cafee. I start playing and am bronze 5. i am quit skool to pursue draem of league. please no copypaste
chaox I am uruguay and i'd like to say many a thing. first, you are my love. second, i quit my job as handy repairman to become best LoL in the world. third, i move from bronze V 0 lp to bronze V 8 lp in only 6 weeks. ty so much
Hi my name Reginald, I am africa. I always wanted to see my mom Wukong again, but I cant becose dyres r meen. sorry fer me bad englando, plase no copi pasterino macaroni dongerini
hai ocelute xD im a 13 y/o gai boy frum afrika and i alwais wnted to confess to u tht ive alwais had a crush on u sinc the dai u askd me to blow u. ((:: sori bad england
Hey my name is Jeff. I just ate two hard boiled eggs for lunch. Usually I eat three, but I wasn't feeling hungry today since my Mom made me chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast. Maybe tomorrow I'll eat three eggs, but I guess I'll have to see what my mom makes me in the morning.
ola everybody in it house, my nombre is Julio Marinetto and just need a helps to reach bronce IV befori season 3 ending at Los Angels Lakers plox, need duo partner in the moment rigt now plzzz. no copilate et pastachino plz
My name is Miguel. I am 22 years old. I sold my family home, my goats and my sisters to move to Americas to become the bestest Legand in all the Leagues! Please dont copy pasta, this is only my life
Guys my name is kolmabd i am a 76 year old alien and im having problems with my legs, they are slowly turning into bananas please copy and paste this so we can find a solution.
Dear imamarxistpie, I went to the Dr. yesterday and he diagnosed me as having dangerously low swag levels... he gives me six months to live unless I increase my swag by at least 500%. Can you help me, I'll literally die without your advice
Hello friend, I'm just friendly Nigerian prince from Nigeria, I have no money please help me move my money and I reward you with 30 million USD and lots of hookers. I like to fuck bitches and get money, I make many money in Nigeria. I need CC Information, Social Security Number, Bank Account Info.
Hello. I am a 15 year old Rhinoceros. The only problem is that my horn on my head is soft and limp. As you may know this is very devastating to a rhino like myself. If there are any rhinos out there that can help me with my problem it would be appreciated. Please dont copy paste this. This is my story.
Dear aphro , when I grow older and I wish I would become a successful Dustforce player like u are and clean the whole world from dust like u do . your one and only , Hofled
hello my name is africa i came from reginald, i left my eyebrows somewhere in the jungle when i was looking for bananas to feed to my favourate champion pls no copycat pasterino
helo Gamers Bears ADC I am young boy from ethihoepia home. please read this i watch your steam every day with your help i carried myself all the way up to bronse 3. please no copyrunoni pasterunoni elephantoni my story
Hello, my name is Pedro Cuztes Sanchez, I'm a spain, and i are trayning too be the most professionel fiss in the word. I'm bronze 5 but I knowr how to play very good. pls no coperino pasto
If you say any form of that "please no copy pasta" whatsoever, then please do us all a favor and love me.
hi my name is theorangesadiu frum Team Solo Monkey and my dream is too sea my mamma Wukong in Africa but dyron es too mean, pls make mey dream cumtroo sorry for bad engladorino. pls no Copernicus pantallones dongerino cappuchino
Hello, I'm Dyrum. Top laner for Teem Super Man. I have been informed that I only have 4 seconds to live, so please make my dream come true. Bring me regnilild's eyebrows of victory so I can win one game before the night is over. Pls baylife
Hi i am wukong league of legends champion , i want to cosplay as reginald but dont haf eyebrow please no caipirinha on my potatoes
hi my name is Regi and i like to paly soraka because i like bananas....please no copyright solly for bad italiano no fucjkingho spagheti pastarino
Hello, I am WildPringle, ad carry for Team Stromboli Meatballs. Yesterday TSM was bought the Pringles corporation. Pls fight the oppression and support us through the tough times by shoving pringles in your ears. Bad africano no copaloni pastemony pringleparty
Hi my name is Honk and i pollishing shoes to make money and watch stearm on my slaver masters PC, i want to be a personal masturabator for korean teams, solry for bad englishando plox no pingpongino pastarin
hello qt i am ur biggest fan from the library of oxford im super intelligent and want to be your analyst and bestest donger.
i am vladgey from russia. i build cabin in woods from wolf fetus and i creat russia internet from bear bones. i find game from league of legends where i meet my love of my wife. i asirate to meet 600 elo by oktobeer so i buy many skins muahaha. i am in jail right now because i poop in public shaved ice. FML LOL, meet u later.
Idiots BRNA IS born 1998 so he's 19 turning 20 simple maths ASIAN Medicine student here
Hi guys, my name Udami Bolango frum somalia. I am walking 4 hour to watch this profeshunal player for GTA V. I want show my support for good plays because I learning to show my family. Sorry for bed englando and please no copy pasterina my story.
hellerooni my name is Kabush and i cum from middle lane of rusia. i sell my pet bear for komputer and am trying to learn the way of the unibrow and be lik genja. Pls no copy pasteroni very personel mesage.
Hello, I am the oddman, who jangles for Team Serial Martians. I need to get a banana from Reginald the dangatang quickly, so please nobody tell him I'm coming. Pls no coponalio pastaparty rhinoceros baylife
hellou my nrme is dyrensfaker and my gol is to bet reginald wukong at worlds in season 5, I a currently pastarino cappuchno dongerino so pls no bronze 3
namaste, me name is rajj rakeesh alakazam john. i are 53 years old, and i live in potato farm and all we can afford is curry with only potatoes and dirt. i walk 3 metres from my goat, with 1 goat only to get to the computer. pls no copycurry pastabolognese mikrano
Hi I'm a 2 month old potato. I grew up watching leek of legends so I am think I am the goodest vegetabble in the wold. Wen I go up, I want to be like regi and shave off my eyebows to win the wold chnmpship. Sorry for no propeller englado, pls do not pasto copy dongerini my original story
Book of Dong Our Scarra, who art in heaven, dognitas be thy name, thy donger come, thy dong be done, in LoL as it is in heaven, give us this day our daily bowflex, and forgive us of our #heimermechanics, as we forgive those who #heimermechanic against us, and lead us not into FrankerZ, but deliver us from Odee.
Praise the Lord and everlasting Scarra, praise his son Qtpie, our savior, and praise the holy dong, it flows through us all and gives us life. For without the dong, man would not have conquered the bowflex, and the world would be lost to FrankerZ.
At the table, Qtpie took the bread, gave thanks and said "take this all of you, this is my body, it has been given up for you. Do this in memory of me." When supper was finished, Qtpie took the cup, gave thanks and said, "take this and drink from it, this is my blood, it has been shed for you and for all so that your sins may be forgiven, do this in memory of me."
And when Qtpie looked upon summoners rift and, behold, it was corrupt; for the FrankerZ had corrupted his way on the rift.
(Book of Dong 6:12)
And Qtpie said to Scarra, "The end of all minions is to come before me; for the rift is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the dong."
(Book of Dong 6:13)
And so Scarra said that it was to rain for 40 days and 40 nights, so Qtpie gathered up all of the dongers, FrankerZs and bowflexes, and he build himself a great ship, an arc, and it was where he would save dognitas from the calamity.
(Chissoff/Neurotoxin13 4:20)
Hola mi es alberto work on condom reyclekling fectory, yo love REGI no eyebrows MIA, pls no dongerini noscopini 420ini
Hello i am minon, my vater is an superminion like dyres, i want to become an superminion like him to, please no dongerino caparino pastarino my story is my leif
hey me men name ricardo me from BR me no like men taking abut them br huehuehue mes worko hardo on this gamo to be better men for the men of the NA me men plays NA me thinks i belong in NA plz no coperino pasterino plx
Hello, my name is Bobby Tortilla, i have been trying to reach the challenged division 50 for over 50 mins, sorry for bad spanishio, this is my sotry no copy pasterino please.
Hi, I am 14 year old and quit high school to get to Bronze IV. I left house to play league of legends everyday but i crie evrytiem. Plz surry for my englando. Plz no capi pasterino
Hello, I am Sexpecial, who plays with balls for Team Sexual Manparty. It was my dream to come here from China to suck balls at League World Tournament. Thank you for making my dream come true HungTurtle. Pls no copious dongeroni
Hello am 18 year woman from somalia. Sorry for my bed england. I selled my husband for internet connection for skype and i want to become hot like you I play with a dildo and fingers 2. pls no copy pasta-Rastafarian-ino my story.
Helo am 24 year asia man from rice field. apologizino for mi bad englando not native 2 ameridca i wan 2 say i lov strem i sell doughter 4 leek of legends ebay acc in bronze 5 but all skin champ so vri wroth u help mi get bronze 4 after mi bought it sry for bad englando again pls no corki pakarakan dingeronio
Hi i cummed all over my hands and now am tyyping on my keyboard, it helps get the weed and dust out of it, and although it gets a little sticky, its def worth. Cum Cleaner Keyboard Paste. New cleaning product and it will be huge!
hi im 10,my life journies is to become a pokeman master,to rule the league of legend region, i have caught 2 teemos and going for the elite four tommorow. wish me luck pls!
Sometimes I like to put 9 towels into my anus and pretend I'm Ahri. Please no coperino and pasra macaroni, thank you! Sorry for bad england, i walk many egyption miles to come watch
Hello me is 22 yar old male from bulgaria i is fisherman i sell my salomons for riot pointees. please contact me at preskyroelus 65 23840 bulgary. fresh fish very very good. please copy pasterino this advertisements.
Hey chaox, i am no afrikano king, buto dou you havo sume girls and bois in stock? mi name es aladeen i likeus kids !!!!! i know you sell them CHAOX!! i molestus dem only free
hi mi nem es billy boober and mi mam was africana king so me no got no love as baby zambula/ i walk 3 years everyday dao this my stroy . sorry for bad englashando pls no cop pasterinky
Ni hao qtpie I am poor rice farmer in china, i work 25 hours per day to buy your special shampoo to have hair like you. I have 16 childrens and i hope they will have hair like you. Please do not coperia pasterino tortellini ravioli
Hello mi name is roodi i am adc for dolan banana team, i walk a lot for play i am bresilian i love killing banana for play pls no copy pastarino this is story of my life
Guys im an artisan blacksmith, please quiet down. A dorans shield is a typical wooden shield with iron cast bracings plz no capuccino spagetti pasterino
Hello all! My name is Ali. I very like baked potato. I walk 30 mile very day, so i can grab 3 potato for my baked potato! Pls no potatino potatorino!!!
Hello I am from Australian eSportsology firm, and we have confirmed Lemonnation was replaced by a Fnatic Life Model Decoy for the finals, confriming EU not better than NA, thx for reading pls no capybara paterfamilia
Srry 4 bad englando I m 12 yr old boi frm africa i sel all mi fmily bred to bie computa jst 2 wtch u str3m. i hve to wlk 12 hour jst 2 get 2 elctricity and chrge computa coz hous hav no pwer. it take lot of courge 2 sae ths but bby u r butiful will u go on d8 with me? Plz no copi pasterino.
Donger is whatever you want it to be. Donger is a creed, a motto, a way of life. Donger is the hopes and dreams of future generations. Donger is what brings us together and spreads us apart. Donger is love, donger is life.
hi qtpie i am from straya and i just want to say you mate are a bloody inspiration, everyday i go down to the local centrelink office to get my dole so i can pay for internet to watch you stream, cheers mate plz no coperoni pastarino
hi im a 2 months old potato i liv in mexico and i paly league for legends..i watch reginild wukong stream so i think im the best vegetable in my potatohood, i main heimerdindonger jungler 13% win reit!!! i cary u to silver II for only 50 euro!!!! no copi pasta dongerino frapuccino this pls, sory for no propeler englandino..
hi mikel my name shingo and I only get 1 hr off work 2 eat food and I use every minute to watch your stream no coperino desparado pastaranino
Hey qtpie, I took your friendly advice and enjoyed a nice refreshing Mountain Dew and a bag of Cool Ranch Doritos. Everyone in the stream would be remiss to not enjoy these fantastic products!
Hey! Tommy!! Its Richard from math class last semester!! How are you??
I waited for 4 If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert You didn't have to, but you coulda signed a Ziggs for MatthewThat's my little brother man, he's only six years oldWe waited in the blistering cold for you for four hours and you just said noThat's pretty shitty man, you're like his fucking idolHe wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I dohours in the freezing cold.
why mods ban our stories i find unfair can you pls stop it its not nice at all thx for reading sry bad englando i just wanted to say my opinion
WHEN ZYORI STREAM, MY HAND AUTOMATICALLY GOES TO MINE BALLS, I SNIFF THE BALLS AND FEEL I BECOME ONE WITH ZYORI. ALL BECOMING DREADLOCKS
Lol, Seriously guys?? SHE name is tommynra, and HE is girl... no copy pasterino
helo qtipie mi namo is qtpie junior i live in small getto hammerfest, i wotch ur stream evry day and i learn a lot, i play reach lvl 5 and now i have carpal tunnel syndrome.. pls donate mony so i can afford operation so i can have 3 hands. pls no coponi dongerini paseteroni
I saw Darude at a nightclub in the 90's once. He played Sandstorm like 4 times. Dont copy Paste this.
Hello im a 1 month old banana. Since i fall off the tree i watch leek of legends and want to become Soraka's bestest banana but im afraid Wukong will eat me. Pls dont laugh at my story!
Helo. im a guy from asi and a dont have fud and everytime i wath uddone i thorw bananas on my 15 monitor but it not wurk pls help me fad this guy.
Hello Mr Pie, my name Hans Gerhber, I work for a bug marketing company willing to spend top money to acquire the rights on the concept called "donger" Please let me know through private message if you are willing to discuss about a deal.
me name is juan from guatemala i sold my sister with down syndrome for a laptop and want become pro gamer in amerika big money big country like qtpie plz donate me so i can buy sister bakc no copy pasta
once upon a time in a small vill... copy pasterino fritterino frappucine dongerino splongerino rino
Hi my name patsakovski i am asian immigrant from bulgaria i steal dongeers from museums and i am bronze 5 pls no copy pasterini maccaroni
I am PERMANENTLY BANNED because I said "Qt I want you beard shoved in my ass", THAT'S LOVE BUD!! LOVE!!!!
it's fucked up how he treats his fans, curryboy96 said hi and he just flat out ignores him, fuck this guy's ego is bigger than my nudelsalat (which is really big)
Dear ZFG, thank you for that lovely erotic E-mail you sent me last night. Hearing about you and Zelda naked was the greatest fanfic ever and I hope you post it online soon. My love for you deepens like the canyons in the Gerudo Valley!
Hello QT, I am you from the future. You end up turning into a ganger rapper and a fedora ***. Your rapper name is the FLAMING FEDORA! and you end up sucking horse dong for a living cause fedoras and bronies go hand and hand. Don't copy pasterino!!!
ohai herro salaam aleikum qtpie, me is a iraqian famboi me luve u very much , ever day me and my camel walk 40 kilometeros to wacth u streem at library wifi, one day i wanna be the goodest adcawrry eu like u qtpie, sorry for my bed england pls no copa pastorino this is the story of me life.
Dear qtpie, As i understand from your sayings, you claim dogs cant read. With a master in english literature i am verry disappointed you think our obviously supreme race cannot read nor understand words.You have offended me and i will never watch your stream again, good luck on your future endevours, Sincerely Mr. Wooferz
I am a whale i want to integrate into society but the dongersquad wont let me and they bully me a lot pls no copino lapotipo pastorino cappuccino
Dear QT, thank you for that lovely erotic E-mail you sent me last night. Hearing about you and Draven naked was the greatest fanfic ever and I hope you post it online soon. My love for you deepens like the canyons in the Howling Abyss!
Hello I am 8 year doge from kentucky I steal fried chiken and resell for internet to watch heiscutepie to get beter at legend league. I am so amaze, so wow at his skill. Very doge. Por favor no pasteroni dogeroni wow
Mr. QTPie, I work for PETA and I can see that you are publicly abusing animals. I highly urge you to stop or be prepared to face the consequences.
Hello I am a 15 year old lobster who recently lost his claws. Please donate to my stream so I can get a new pair of claws. This is my story no coppione pastarineo
ola aphormo mi namo antuana i veri like u i no bronze 3 thank u wery much i no vwork potato factory wery hard job bat wukong son regi help me wery good no copi pasteroni plzg
im going to miss the unmade bed, im going to miss dolly, im going to miss the telephone ringing unanswered, im going to miss lisha and qt together.. its a sad end of a happy month together.
iam a 7 year old boy with a cannabis addiction, iam in rehab and i only have lol streams for entertainment, i wish to be the best mordekaiser in ze world, can u teach me bjerg? This is my story dont copy paste plz
hi me name victor pereperedoklous, im 28 from greece, the economy bad. i work 0 hours because no job to watch your stream. if any german wants to donate i have paypal sorry englando dont copy pasterino my life story.
I used to walk 10 km just to make 2 dollas and i even sold my wife to have cheese for breakfast. since i started thinkin i need to stop being poor, i have gone from homelessry to living in an appartment. pls no copi pasterino mi story mitterino presidento chef boyarde
Hi Alex I am a 34 year old vietnam vet and I only play with my toes I appreciate you stream for helping me reach my goal of bronze 3 thanks a bunch much love from iceland Please dont copy past
hi alx your the best plaeyr i ve evr sen, u inspred me to ply rnkd and i walk 25mils pr day just get intert cafe to ply. kep roking,this is my stroy pls no copy pasterino sory fo bad englando
"kappa this, kappa that" Does it ever stop? When will this stuff stop being HILARIOUS to people? I mean seriously is there no originality left on this world? Are we all just monkey see monkey do? I don't know about you guys but I'm sick of every time I look up a game, or a forum post, anything really I have to scroll past like 50 of these.
hi im alan, 13 year old seagul, i has catch a fish and hid it in cave with obama bind landen, pls no smite it. no copy geroge bushino pls
Fuck you qt, I don't come to your stream to get talked down to by some fuck with no mic. You're a disgrace to this great nation of dongertus.
seriously guys this copy paste thing is getting old are we really all just little kids who just monkey see monkey do? seriously this chat is so immature and redundant. all the copy paste is big such wow stop
He's really good looking, nobody shall tell me otherwise and what I find most appealing about him is his personality cause he's got a good sense of humor and really doesn't take things to seriously. Just a very attractive person over all.
i my name is tom i am from australia i speak very good english. the other day i was riding my kangaroo to the supermarket to by some crocodile for the barbie but on the way a dingo ate my baby. does anyone know anyone who is selling thiers?
Hello everyone! I'm entering streams to say something random! Did you know "dog food lid" backwards is "dildo of god"? Good bye everyone!
qt why is your music so fucking god waful like really are you an autistic walrus with the music taste of an autistic 4 year old?
my mom just walked in and asked me who that hot piece of ass was on my screen then started touching herself...
qt if i ever win the lottery im going to pay u for 500 hours of lessons u fuck i swear to god u will never rest u think this 300$/hr shit is funny i will watch u burn. btw play gragas next game pls
QT I believe that LOL is disrupting your Spelunky training for Worlds neext year. I think its time to get serious and delete LOL.
Hi, I am 14 year old and quit high school to get to Bronze IV. I left house to play league of legends everyday but i crie evrytiem. Plz surry for my englando. Plz no capi pasterina
Hello people my name is Julio Martinez. I sold beloved potatoes and cut of my toes just so i could buy more beer. Then a wizard appeared to me and gave me the special dildo. I have taken good care of it ever since. Please do not copy
Hey Chaox , It's me Regianal. I want you back on TEAM SOLO MONKEY. all you gotta do is send me your eyebrowns and stinky cheese potato Thank you. pls no copornino coperino dongerado chingirino
hello im kurenguino, i used to live in the jungle with my bestest friendo wukunguu reginaldo till we both came to murica the land of opportunities and met the rational citizens like Chaox in that country, sorry for bad englando pls no copy pasterino heimerino i have a dreamo al pacino with steve o' quentin tarantino in the pino for the mimo
Guiz I am currently training to become the worlds best carrot... I watch Snoopeh's stream when I grow in my soil but to fully achieve my dream I need some moar donations from the republic of Congo. Pls help me achieve my dream. Pls no copy pasterino dongerino
I have a notepad with a list of everyone I ban and the reason why, if I see your name again, you get banned on sight, think you are cute begging to get unbanned, think again, I'll *** make sure you never type another message here. I've seen hell and the little highschool history lesson you learned today that makes you feel so proud is *** pathetic. I eat peices of *** like you for breakfast. Watch your step.
hello my name is jamal and i want to be a league of legend. i train evryday to be a great monkey like reginald. pls no copy pasterino my story.
hello my name is ihbrs and i want to play league of legendas with no BRS . my wish is playing with no brs anymore cause when i play with brs INstaLose. pls no copy pasterino my story
Uh? Look, I'm from the USA (cool, I know). And I don't get this. Why is this supposed to be funny. he looks like a mongo, his dress sense is *** and he's from Europe (or somewhere else poor). And no, I'm not jealous, I don't drive a Ferrari, but I've got a big sphagetti (6 inches when fully erect) and I look (a bit) like Brad Pitt. Oh, and more importantly, I'm American.
hi chaox im a charmander and i just want to say after watching your stream i have gained much xp and am almost ready to become charmeleon srry bad english muffin pls no capybara
Hi i am 7 yr. old russian ex-professional Superman 64 player and i want to become professional lol Vodkaman to avenge my sister, who got vodka underdose last year and now she cant play this game anymore. So ive been improving my mechanics for 4 month and i already can play vs bots for 2 minutes. And i will become best Vodkaman in the history of LoL. Pls no vodka Medved'erino.
Hola!! Me reyinald I work as big boss monkey for teem solo midlane. mi amigos es dyros he make big anger of me i call him rude chico beecuz i say u apollogize or u leave team house and work in potato factory mi other amigo es wildgato i make hem feel very sad becuz i tel u stop get catch in teemfiyt or u leave house and work for me as donkey wagon. also me amigo es xpecial i say u win bot or i use u hair for make new eyebrows for mi face. Pls no copy babuunino
A kid once said to me when I get good at LoL I want to have a playstyle like Reginald. I said well kid, you can't do bot
Huge fan here, I was just wondering if its true that your pet lizard died after you attempted to give it anal. Pls respond
hi my name pepito i watch alex ichikakov and genja007 27/4 pls no copy pasterino sorry for bad englando yes
Qt i know this guy who was spanked for 40 bucks and A lobster dinner at red lobster, but thats not all he did it repeated times till his ass was black and blue and also had post work out sweaty balls rubed on his face and all together he didnt even get 100. So Do you think it was all worth it ?
hello sirs i am come from itlay, le dong man is my favorito he is very proscuitto player! some day there is wish to come on americia for visit dong man and see le dionger of le dongman please to coppola pastrami for all see my dream
My name is Mushroomo and I'm a mushroom that wants to be a human, everytime I almost made it a walrus eats me and kills me. please help me through spending 100 to a email called mushromwantstobehuman@mushroomo, please NO coperino pasterino etos magharatios etos spaghettis teeto bologense
Michael, I am sick in the hospital with butt cancer, the doctors say the only way to cure it is for you to play Molly. Please save my life Michael.
Qtpie, nice cock. I mean that from the bottom of my heart. You have delivered one of the greatest runs I have seen since 1978. It's been a long time since I've seen such a good spelunky melunky player, and it inspires me to plug in my Dial-up and give it a swirl myself. I just wanted to say thanks qtpie, you've changed my life.
Hello QT i missed you so hard today man, i was at work and i couldnt do constructive stuff i was just focused on going back home and be with you even virtually (on that topic when are you dumping lisha so i can move in your bed in dig's house) NO HOMO
sicko has contributed nothing to the sm64 community and only trash talks the speedrunners...he played against siglemic at sgdq on vc (this gives him a big advantage) and couldn't even do a BLJ up the stairs past the 50 star door, so he handed the controller to jiano and cheated...he didn't win the race still and was really salty and didn't finish the run...he didn't clap or look happy when sig was doing his 70 star run, and then he says this http://i.imgur.com/XVtB54i.png sicko is truly a scumbag and deserves to be banished from the sm64 community
I find it funny how Locodoco is in almost every imaqtpie's game, and they are passive aggressive towards each other. they are complete opposites too, locodoco is tryharding and taking it serious, imaqtpie is sloppy and has a donger lifestyle
hey im qtpie i like to have fun and play lol and when i am bored i play lol when im having fun i play lol and when im not doing anything i play lol its what i do play lol
It is official. After years of research Scientists have proven that imaqtpie is clearly a burrito. no copy pasterino kthxbye Kappa
Hey Michael yesterday a car hit me in the ass and i lost my legs. My last wish before I die is to smell your fluffy hair. Please make me happy Michael
Streamer you have just made a terrible mistake. I see time depleting, splits turning red. Yet my feelings go to blue, this is truly heartbreaking. What appeared to be so good was taken right before my eyes, like the wind carries leaves from a tree this run has been wasted. This truly disappoints me and I feel the need to inform you that this can no longer go on like this. For this reason I would like to tell you RESET
This is a copypasta, this is purely made to fill up a stream chat with a pointless paragraph, and it's doing a good job. Now people will repost this copy pasta and make it one hell of a chat. They do this because they find this funny and entertaining. However they do not realize how they are affecting the stream experience of other people. So please copy and paste this to stop copy pasta's.
Hello, I'm Kripparrian player of PoE father to a battered child, baldest of the bald man No copy pasterino frappucino fibonacci
I don't mean to impress you, but i've been off narcotics and alcohol for 6 months and a few days. Also I've been spending my days exercising, and i'm quite good-looking. #doge
No one believed in my dong, but when I raised it, QTpie saw it and found a shred of potential in it. Then he believed. And all the others did as well. QTpie believes, and now so do I. I shall climb these mountains of Gold, destroy those Platinum plebs, and then, and only then, my dong will be strong and hard. As a diamond.
vrhastafarrian go, "My boy, Kripparino diddlerino, why you don't go out into the night and suck blood like a good romanian vampire?" and all Kripperino say is, "Rip in pepperoni" and pappafarrian go, "i do not understand this newfangled american language you speak, i have failed as a father and as a pepperino pizza" no copy pasterino dongerino fraphachino macarino
Wow come on guys, please stop being unrespectful and stop spamming. Also, don't copy and paste this comment.
Hello Mr. Santana. I wanted to give you fair warning, I am an undercover FBI agent that has been tracking your stream for months. I finally caught you playing an illegal emulator. I've got you now.
people who critic Alex Ich for evolved on Kha Zix : He know what do. It a pro player who play one best team in Orphanage. So just respect that pls i not "fanboy", just like respect. My parent Die when I am little and I just want to give alex the respect. I am monkey. Please no coperino pasterino
Guys, for real. Stop copying other people's posts. I said to stop it and you just go and copy my post and just spam the chat with it. It is so childish. I can't stand it. Please stop. Like really, you don't need to copy a post to be funny. Be original.
dong version:
Guis i come from dongerland. Stop copi other noob's posts. I said to stop it and you just go and copi my pasterino and just spam the chaterino with it. It is so childish. I can't stand it. Please stop. Like really, you don't need to copy a post to be funny. Be originalino
Hello, my name is dongerino. I want to be the bestest TF just like OLDSCHOOL GG. I still work in banana factory as i m banana. I want to move to america land of FREEEEEDOM to live american dream. However i scared that best wukong reginald will eat me. Plz no copy dongerino my life story I got a dreamo al pacino stevo-o mike the situation sorrentino
You are all a bunch of stupid kids that copy paste other guys messages and spam the chat. watch the stream and shut up. pls no copy pasterino stoperino actualino
hilo me name es carthulio,.,, am make blankets and sel tire wheels 4 mone. like u i pley on brazil servers on dirt V.i want get dirt IV. pls no copy pasterino ravioli chef boyarde
This for all my players out there ridin'... spinners. I don't care where you at, the club parking lot. The express way, whatever.What I want you to do right now is just STOP And let em' keep spinnin' man. I'm ridin' spinners, I'm ridin' spinners. They don't stop I'm ridin' spinners, I'm ridin' spinners. They don't stopI'm ridin' spinners, I'm ridin' spinners. They don't stopI'm ridin' spinners, I'm ridin' spinners I'm rolin'..
I tired of peoples that says my englerd is bad. They's go back to school, cuz I have the gooder english world. Srsly, stop writing liek you do goodest than me. Pls I so angry, no copi pasterino orange moccha frapuccino pls no copy pasterini macaroni gibertini spaghetti
hello, me name is boris and i is from mother russia. i quit my job at fanny-pack factory and put down my dog to walk 2 meters averydays from my sister's basementto woch youu streaam. i have moved from bronze II to bronze VI . tis was a hard trip but i new i kan dew it, i master the hardest champ in the game, Darius.i will now learn to play Garen and teeto. thank you 4 all ur halp. i love 'murica.sry for baad englichz.pls no copey pasterino chef boyar
Whenever I get a package of plain M&Ms, I make it my duty to continue the strength and robustness of the candy as a species. To this end, I hold M&M duels. Taking two candies between my thumb and forefinger, I apply pressure, squeezing them together until one of them cracks and splinters. That is the "loser," and I eat the inferior one immediately. The winner gets to go another round.
Chaox I had one of my employees give you a business card for free veterinary care on Long Island where you live. Im a local veterinarian. If you are interested I would be willing to trade LoL lessons for free vet care if interested! Did u get that card?
Halo, my name esta pollo, i live in cartona box and laik, i suld mai waif to get maney, now me play league of legends in brazil server 650 ping, im in sand V, i want to get to sand II but too hard alone, pls no copy pasterino.
Helo my nam is Zijan Huen, me egyptus and i solt my piramyd to buy rip in ligue of legendes and i buy pharaoh nasos. sory for bed engalande no copy papyrus
QT i 'm gonna be there in cologne to watch you in the atlantic battle or whatever is the name, i m a bit short on moolah so would it be a problem for you if i crash in your hotel room? ty buddy love you
twitch chats = bunch of immature children and man babies spamming *** 24/7 in the hope that maybe one day someone would cop paste their msg, now it is my turn to hope.
Dear pizza, it has come to my pizza that one of your pizza "Pizzaman" has been abusing his pizza as pizza and banning pizza for no good reason. I would appreciate pizza if you took some pizza out of your pizza to take pizza and remove his pizza. Thanks Ya'll OpieOP
Nobody likes someone who does copy pastas. So pls do not make any copy pastas. They fill up the chat and ruin it. Its annoying and selfish so pls don't make any. Pls copy paste this so more ppl may read it and copy and paste it so more ppl may read it so less ppl will ruin chat. Help create a better chat experince!
hallo alex, im veri fan of yu. sowry for bad englandino tho mi no murican. i think yu r the goodest midolane eu and u inspirer me to keepa climbin the ladder. so cause of u i masteried khazix(10 perceint win reit) pleyin 18hr/day and i climb to bronze IV in this hards 2 years playin the game. thanks for reedin my stowry. god blesserino yu my frend.
I know it is all fun and games in twitch chat, but I would like to take a minute to bring attention to something that is no joking matter: dong cancer. Dong cancer affects 1 in 50 dongs worldwide and is extremely preventable. Ask your doctor about preventing dong cancer at your next visit. Plz share.
my name is Abdul El Bahkir and i is from egytian i just baught a coputr to play league legends nd i buy pharoah nasus bcuz he represent my country now i am in Sand V and working my way to Sand 4. Sry for bad england plis no copy pasterino
Go *** yourself, worthless kid. Whenever something happens you go up to your little wb/ folderw pick up UMAD.jpg and post it here, thinking you are the best, laughing behind your screen, flapping these adipous cheeks of yours while your wawa chocolate milk drips all overy your XXXL t-shirt. *** pederast. You rotten, disgusting slug, bucephalus leech. I hate you and your entire body smells like feces.
What the *** did you just *** say about me, you little ***? I ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Na'Vi Seals, and I ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Alliance, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I m the top sniper in the entire Doto forces.
Dear Kripp, it has come to my attention that one of your mods "Leifman" has been abusing his authority as mod and banning people for no good reason. I would appreciate if you took some time out of your schedule to take action and remove his mod status. Thank you!
iam a 7 year old boy with a cannabis addiction, iam in rehab and i only have lol streams for entertainment, i wish to be the best mordekaiser in ze world, can u teach me bjerg? This is my story dont copy paste plz
QTpie I skip all my classes every day to watch you stream, but it'smaking it hard to pass my exams. Can you please teach me physics during your Queues?
be kripp - be 33 - still live with parents - play every day computer games - never get laid - no education - dropped out of school - mother never loved me - father hates me - family is not proud of me - i am a loser in real life - die alone in front of pc while playing games [/greentext]
I am actually a highly intelligent homo sapiens. I don't expect the Kripp CHAT! to understand and perceive the clock in a intelligent manner, such as my way of perceiving, but it is not easy having a IQ of 178, when most plebs got about 90, don't you even dare talk to me you silly baboon.
Imagine this porn: "Porn of Exile" Kripp walks with a hobo brown poncho and a staff on his hands. He gets in front of a sexy Piety and says: "I'm going to discharge on your face". Of course, the soundtrack would be Wilderness from D2.
APPARENTLY every single *** pathway, every single *** build is Kripparian's, he owns the *** skill tree, *** deal with it, copywrited, *** bought the rights, you people are stupid.
hi Zfg1 i em olombo bongo frm Somalia. erryday i watch u strem u are favourit stremmer i sell kidney for a laptop 2 i can watch u strem. i work in bannana facotry an 1 day i cum to america LAND OF FREEDDOM so i be lyke u and strem 4 monies insted of pick banana, WOO USAsss al pacino, malcolm in middle, stevo-o, mike 'the situation' sorrentino.
since you didnt pick urgot, you crushed my dreams, now it is time to go do my real dream, selling potatos on the highway, you did this qtpie, pls dont copy urgotrino
helo generaldo me name guillermo juanos carlos miguel fram mehiko u boifrend reyinald send me and i jest vanted to sai u veri sexi todai and i hef a dreamino.. can i pls fingerino u arseholino while u take s.hit on me chestino.. pls no macarino dongerino frappuchino jalapeno chapponelli is only me dreamino
hi im greek... as you probably guessed in m name.. plz have respect for this comment and read on.. if ou don't like it plz dont hate. My economy is not going well and effing Germans are trying to take over so I need help. Bjerg promised for every subscriber 0.0000199 % money would go towards me. Thank you for my message and plz subscribe bjerg... he is the best and better ( not german even better!)
Herro everybodu! My namu is Hidetaki Konichaaba I am transferu from china. I must be best reague prayer by next month or my mom and dad chopu my head and feed to cat. Plz herp me thanks. No coperu pasterinu
hi kripp your the best plaeyr i ve evr sen, u inspred me to ply poe and i walk 25mils pr day just get intert cafe to ply. kep roking,this is my stroy pls no copy pasterino sory fo bad englando
Im making you money and your mad at me stoopid chat Kappa. sry 4 making u subs gg wp nerf chinese. btw nice *** with rice you are eating there. enjoy the meal
i was hungry so i had a sandwich and i wasn't hungry anymore. please no copy pasterino dongirini fettichini
i'm lying on my bed watching Qtpie stream.. my knees are up.. i'm trying to close my legs... but something about Qtpie's play makes me want to force my hands.. lower.. and lower.. i'm so embarassed...my fist is clenched so tight.. as i bite hard.. on my lips
Hello zfg my nem is Yakov and from Serbia, every day I walk 17 hours in snow and bad wether to nearest magic apple box to watch your strem. i wan say thank for your strem and leting us who are poor in world an cant grow many potato to have coin to watch play cool gaems. Sorry for not propeller english, much love, yakov speshlov, age 11.
Dude, I know someone who died from the weed so shut the fuck up you heartless bastard. He injected 22 marijuanas and died. It's not a laughing matter either.
BoxBox , This is Adam from BodyBuilding community. I would like to suggest you 2 protein shakes of 1K calories each a day. Also a good pre workout like White flood and Hemavol. Creatine as well post workout and a good post workout whey protein shake. 1 hour cardio a day and 1 hour of hard weight lifting session.
Hello my namo is nokopi pasterhino i live in hitlerland (austria) and i am biggest fanny i watched your stream since 2001 and ever since i got from bronze 5 to silver 11 beacuse i sold my wife and children for league of gay hacks pls no copi pesteriano piano is only my life
Hi twich users, here in twich hq we've been doing some researchs, and the result of those researchs showed that twich chats are running low in KPS (Kappas p/second) you can help us in this cause by just putting a Kappa in the end of your message, thank you Kappa
helo mi name es paulino from simple villege of dongerton. my doge frankerz is sick with many cancers and can be only healed from many stream to watch. pls donated to my doge for his healing to be healed. pls no coperino pastaringo dongerino fettuchino.
trick, ever since I subscriub i dream of one day of completli my goal of representing my home country of nigeria in your subwar shodown. Now I traveled all the way from africa by swim. sorry my message it too long I jos wan to tell your my life goal. no copperoni pasteroni tho
Everybody's bugged by spam nowadays, and as if the fact that it's annoying weren't enough, people make a profit by using spam too. That's why anti-spam laws exist, so that spam-scammers and other scammers too can be punished. I would HATE it if u copy pasterino'd this
Hi my name is Chang and my dream was to become a pro, not any pro my freind only the best of doota leage can with sand, to get here i had my baby sister, and leave my home lands please wish me bes luck chang P.S do not repost
My name Emilio and i mucho pour. It my son birthday and i way from bannanna field of idayhoe. My son has many sad since he not gud like you. All he want on his birfday is two see you and Track2G be win as friends. Eye tri to sub to both but twitch not except my turkey or italian sub as payment. How sub do twitch take? My son little Estevez is conting on you for many smiley born day.
Wow. Another chat destroyed by copy pasterino. How many more terrible streams need to be corrupted before the rest of you Twitch viewers realise that mods will never moderate, Copy pasta will never be original, and that this chat isn't worth reading, let alone comprehending? I'm very disappointed how many of you copy pasted my opinions last time I shared them, but I won't stay angry, just don't do it again. Peace
This is possibly the worst stream in existence. How does this no lifer get so many viewers. This *** boggles my mind how all you *** just sit here and worship this guy and you *** idiots better not copy pasterino my comment or I will be enraged beyond belief
Look guys I'll cut to the chase here, I won't beat around the bush. I'll tuck my bratwurst in and just get to the point. Basically just copy and paste this wall for me so I can giggle like a little girl and feel big. Thanks.
Kripp, this is Michelle from your 4th grade geography class. I just wanted you to know that I still haven't forgiven you for what you did to that poor little duckling during our field trip to the CN Tower. You are the scum of humanity but I will still fap to you day and night because you have a cute butt, hun.
sometimes i like to imagine kripp throwing me hard against a bed and taking me forcefully over and over on our wedding night. it would be an arranged marriage but my mind would quickly be changed once i took one look at that pale, scraggly boney skeleton and all of my feminine juices started flowing like a sloppy niagra falls. I was ready to become a woman, and Kripp was going to be my master.
guys, this is the finol straw. I have had it up to here with the copy paste this and the kappa that. I just dont understand why we cant have a civilized discussion without descending into chicancry. Kappa and Keepo and dongerino, its seriously the dumbest thing EVER. Please stop now and help change twitch chat into what it should be, a beacon if enligtened discussion
You Twitch idiots need to seriously rethink what the priorities of your lives are. Do you seriously think that copy-pasting everywhere will make you more credible as a person in the future? Do you not think of the shame you bring to your parents when your only utility in life is to spam the emoticon of a random man with a sarcastic smirk on his face? Shame on all of you
Ladies and gentlemen, I recently lost my job and am currently unemployed. Twitch chat has been my safe haven and comfort during this time. However, I come to this stream today and what do I see? A ridiculous amount of copypasting tomfoolery. Please, have respect for the intellectuals here and try to return to the days of glorious discussion in twitch chat.
hello alexbich my name brosti am albanian from albania i love to like your stream everyday i watch for quite time to become learner of league and legends to nbecome professional amateur playing my father loss all cows so am now need to support family (no wards hehe) sorry for bad not so good englis hehe jus want slow my appreciate for your strean, please dont mock and copy pastel this
Michael i am so fucking mad when i hear you say "just playin'" all the time, it's time for you to understand that this is your fucking job, i dont fucking pay you 5 bucks a month to hear you say "just playin' " and get fucking stomped. get your shit together son. (Pls copy pasterino)
Hello honey, it's grandma, how are you sweetie, you dad just showed me your "stream" and i am very proud of you, you are a very good pokemon player. Love, Grandma
Dear Riot. Many players have been harassed by Froggen. It has been concluded by many people that Froggen needs to be nerfed. We can no longer stand the torture of his OPness. We DEMAND him nerfed immediately. sincerely, the LoL community
Helo me name is Albert. Me work in pant factory. Me earn lot of money to becom pro legue player. Me is very god in udyr play. I work hard evry day to be best. pls send me money evryday so me become rich. I go from plastic to wood in 5 yrs. Me so hapy. pls no copy pasterino
Hey Trick, youre my favorite homosexual streamer. I just wanted to say, that youre doing really great job and wish you luck in yoloq. Kappa
Ola io intenor habler espaniol, io kero muxo Xpeko, io estudio espaniol para habler con Espeke io aprendiero espaniolo porfavoro Espeke contestoro me porfavoro io comeri jamone para parezco espaniolo, comero paella rico paella para espaniolo, porofavoro no copio pegariono, perdono pore malo espaniola Kappa Kappa
Hai mah namezor is omdano , i want u to cray me to plasticbag 54 , i wanz pro jungle teemo , i earn moneh by Raising udyrs so pls nerfnio , i watch trick2b awl dai long he takez my moneh and cawl me a noob , rito no ban pls no copiesta pastorino chef bastardo masterino
i got cancer once, the doctor said that i had suffered from a common case of reading a twitch tv chat. apparently as soon as i glanced at the chat a huge tumor formed in my brain. the cure was rather simple, eat a magic cybrix pizza and i was all better
Cococaptain you think your fkin cool because you can turn on sub mode u lil bitch? I'll have you know I work for the NSA and we know all about the 2 terabytes of slug porn on your computer. So i suggest you bring it down a notch
Bonjourno my name es Luigi and i am from italiano and i own a restaurant called Dongerino where we make the best copy pasterino and copy pizzarino in the whole world so if you go to italiano plis come visit us you wont be disapointino. Sry for bad americano and plis no ditto.
Your mods must be some of the most pathetic 40yr old virgin neckbeards of all *** time. Really, one of these cunts timed some guy out for saying "mao, donate to me Kappa" as a *** joke, I said "really, he got timed for that"? And then I was banned too. And all they seem to do is ban people for *** all and then fap to your *** nudes while being mentally crippled white knights. *** those sad bastards, they even time people out just for mentioning kripp,
Hola amigos my name es Georgio Gonzalino and i got banned from my country mexico bcauz i do to many copy pasterino now i am in usa so i can do copy pasterino in peace thanks you and no ditto plis is only my story.
Oooooooh I m so scared, you think you re tough pussy? I m behind 7 proxies and use ZoneAlarm, Sygate and Comodo Internetnet Securtiy which I all keep up-to-date. THAT S THREE FIREWALLS AT THE SAME TIME motherfucker. You can t hack me you little piece of shit. You re peeshooter and kung fu won t make a difference when my friend woh s a B-51 pilot in the Air Force can turn your entire house and backyard into a fuckhuge bomb crater.
hey as an austrian who considers hitler the greatest achievement in my countries hhystory on a same level with mozart haydn and falco i feel insulted pls dont copi pasterino.
kappa this kappa that, you know what? i am done with this kappaeing. i think this chat should grow up and get the fk out of here. stop waisting your lives here, i leave now for league of lexus and heroes of honda ,no copy pasterino pls
QT do you even know whr you went wrong? Don't you realise u always have to carry extra hard in soloqueue? that is becoz u don't get rabbadon on MARKSMAN ... you shd improve more in league of legend ... you are worrying america ... please no coffee and pasta reena
hello my neym iz yuri, i em furom soviet russia, my wayf is a prostititue end i cell her to meyk money 4 doto 2 itemz. plz dont copy pasteriono tortellini, chorizo my stopry, CYKA
Hai mi nem is Yao Chan Chu i come from china and i need to bcome challenger at league legends or my dad and mom beat me with belt everyday. Now i am in silver 5 and stuck plis alex ich my frend helps me get challenger so me parents stop beat me plis. Sry for bad england i try best and plis no ditto is only my lyfe.
I`M 40 YEARS OLD VIRGING LIVING WITH MY MOM AND DONT WORK AND ONLY PLAYING DOTA SORRY FOR MY GOOD ENGLAND, DONT COPYPASTERINO MY TRUE LIVE STORY
Hello my name is Phreak's chin strap so I become cool guy. I work in dildo factory and pick out defective dildos from conveyer belt. After work I play league and have dreams to become pro player. My internet is powered with sweat i collect from work. I have watched RobertxLee stream and improved from Bronze 4 to lube 5. I hope one day i make monehs for famly. Please no copy pastarino italiano sauce chin strapino.
hola hola gosuu my nam is pablo i no good england so sory for bad englando but i jest vanted to say thet u r the goodest and i dump my gf to juego leag of leggings and aftr 2 year i are now bronce 4 in br server gracias to u and sory for baddest englando, england is no first langage. plz dont copato and pasterado its only my life.
Hello mutscho Namo Pep-ito from Columbia sry my Bad Englando ive been working in a ShoeFactory to raise money to become Pro-Playero LeagueofLegenda like HotflopGG and ODDONES! Help me to get Pro Playero Like u Pls and give me a some Advisory Pleaso! NO Copy Pasterano Macceroni!
Hey Michael Santana, this is Terry your gym instructor. You are late for your Bowflexing training, please, I'll wait for you for more 15 minutes.
Why do people say "RIP in piece" it doesn't make sense? RIP = Rest in Piece so people are saying Rest in Piece in piece? It's so dump.
Did you know. The African Tree Whale is a special breed of whale. It is usually found within the deep safari and will mostly likely be found feeding on Nigerian Tree Leopards. Only 3 have been reported seen and they weigh up to One- Quadrillion Tons. If you're lucky you will find one in the deep heart of the african Safari where snakes thrive and Whales prosper.
support qt by donating, i dont even care bout him being gay or furry, fuck that, but srsly baning people for saying REMOVE HORROR or a guy for asking whats the fastest way to get in his pants so he'd get a global emote is bullshit
I am a turtle from LA and i really need some money from you boxbox so i can smell your scent. I just want to be like the seagulls and fly free into the volcanoes. So please if you feel me then can you please send me some of your scent, an old gym sock, and 1 day old piece of pizza Copy Pasterino please!
Hello General. I work hard 60 hours a week and the best thing in my week is getting a chance to sit at home watching you jungle and teaching me how to be a better player, but recently your chat has been outrageous with its copy and pasting. For the love of GOD please dont copy paste this.
Crazy8ace acts like a normal sub, but he is really an undercover walrus being a foward scout for Urf. Riot is trying to keep it under raps so that it cam be a huge suprise when he is released. It is fabled in the stories of my people that when Urf appears, he will be so great that he can one shot anyone at level 1. I am also a walrus, but not one as great as Urf. Please no copy pastern Walrusin
hello, my name is juan and I am from the save a donger foundation, for just 69 cents a day you can save a donger, please, there are small and big dongers that need help, you can make a difference
qtpie, you are an inspiration. You are not afraid to be flamboyant and admit that you live an alternative lifestyle. I think you are one of the best gay streamers on twitch and you are a great role model. I know some people probably don't understand, but i do
hi my name is robbie, i sneak into principal office everyday to watch funny trickzg stream. i got caight and now must do 300 englando papers befor i am allowed to use computer. thanks to u i climbed from bronze 3 to bronze 4 in only 3 months. i have now dropped out to dedicate my lift to becoming pro league of leg player. this is my life story, pls no copy macaroni raviolo pastrami pasterino
My Freshman year of high school, there was a girl in my biology class that never ever talked. No one knew anything about her. Well finals come around and the teacher hands out the tests. This girl takes one look at the test and projectile vomits all over the entire front row. Most hot thing i've ever seen, had such a huge boner. PLS NO PASTERINO
Hi my name is Prakell, i have been leave tommorow for English but i should learn england, i think i dont have to because my england are very good. Please copy pasta this meseg if u think that i must learn england
hi dimond name is Robertinho me from Favela,Brazil. I must say the competitive scene there is not that good, i ask for a free tourney to russia so i kan play with u and genja, i have a big salami like everyone here in brazil, please answer me
hola my nam is pablo i no good england so sory for bad englando but i jest vanted to say thet u r the goodest and i dump my gf to juego leag of leggings and aftr 2 year i are now bronce 4 in br server gracias to u and sory for baddest englando, england is no first langage. plz dont copato and pasterado its only my life
I was only 9 years old I loved Kripp so much, I had all the merchandise and streamsI pray to Kripp every night before bed, thanking him for the life I've been given"Kripp is love" I say; "Kripp is life"My dad hears me and calls me a something. I know he was just jealous of my devotion for Kripp
Hi, I am a 30 year old man with autism and clinical depression and a receding hairline and a microschnitzel. I am hoping to raise money for a sex change to become an anime girl with pinku (pink) hair. In order to earn the required money I will become a professional Dota 2 player and compete at the International 4. That is my dream. Sorry for my perfect English (due to my autism).
Hi may name is San Miguel and i come out of Peru. Krip yu inspia me to plai a lod of gamez. I walk 10 mile evrydy to watsch yur stream. Pls no coperino pasterino this persona text thats my own story and i want krip to see his bigest fan
I like turtles because they re so chill. They don t hurt anyone. They re just like, Hey man, I want to swim, and maybe eat some lettuce. But I m gonna take my time getting there, I m not in a rush. Because I m a turtle.
Hello qtpie, I just want to let you know that the baby you left inside of me and didn't take care of is doing very well, I hope someday that he can meet his legendary father and maybe you can train him in the ways of the donger. He was born with a glorious full head of long hair, just like his daddy.
waena:
Hello Waena, I just want to let you know that the baby you left inside of me and didn't take care of is doing very well, I hope someday that he can meet his legendary father and maybe you can train him in the ways of the Lulu. He was born with a glorious obsession with Japan, just like his daddy.....
qtpe mi name is yeremiba zilibaralai from siberia and walk every day 17 hur to watch your donger stream i sell wfe and kid for to buy computerella and intrarnet. i dream of being provezzional blayer in your donger game "legend leauge" like dandy and xbox. sorry for no propeller england pls no copy pasterino.
hi mi name es pablo . i mi englando no es beuno. i seen on teh computernets doublelift died driving scarra to McDonald's when they hit Paul walker who was being driven to the hospital by dyrus who was driving on drugs while phantoml0rd was having sex with wildturtle the cat and imaqtpie was too busy being sexy as fuck and aphromoo was in the trunk with a dead hooker pls no copi pasterino macaronino marzetino ty
hello my lord qtpie....is it true that you are the new stylist for CLG....I already bought your dongsquad t-shirt in memory of scarra (rip scarra 1973-2013) and i wear it proudly ... would buy more if you joined CLG !!
Yesterday we lost a good man. I'm of course talking about Paul "Scarra" Walker. He was on his way home from raising his dongers when a drunk driver named Marcus "Dyrone" Hill crashed into him. Dyrone has now been placed into custody.
hi kripp me mambule of nigeria an want sway tank yu for strem. after work at potatoe field me walk 3 ours erry day two wadch yua strem. mambule want play white man game juan day with hero kripp
Hi my name is Ivana Kumminya and eye skip skool two watch xpoke and more other league of leg end playors, my engli not be may so good, pleez hlp zpoke bye dohnayting to his Utoobe channol but pls no spaghetti bolognese contemporino pastarino anderino basterdino dongarino pls thank u
Hello, Mr. Kripparian. It has come into my attention that you have been playing one very casual lesser game called Hearthstone lately. That is not the type of game I've come to expect from the professional gamer you are. I believe changing the game would greatly improve the overall stream quality. Sincerely, an annoyed viewer.
scarra, all I wanted for christmas was for you to hit 500lbs, please make my Christmas miracle come true and hit 500lbs. please no copipasteruno mackarino in peace.
hello my name is Altair Ibn-La'Ahad I am syria, I sold my asasin bled for to buy league of logondro, i rech brotherhut 16 now on way to provisional match thank to u imaqtpie piss no cpy pasterinu
Kripp has an IQ of at least 174, can calculate quantum fluctiations at superstrings in his head, has a magnificent 12 inch dong and a hot girlfriend whom he regularly plows and he's such a nice guy that he let's his father live with him for free.
Hello kropp my name is korimoto yamakoto toyota and i am from the japanese and i wann to thx u for stream everyday because i alway watch and lauf alot hihi. You inspir me to try harder in teh games i play like hurthstone i am master medal like u and i pro. Sry for bad amricano and plis dont repost.
please stop using the grey face man. my grandmother in dark greenland was watching the stream and when she saw so many scary faces in chat she had a heart attack and had to go to the hospital. so please, for the sake of old people, no more grey face. Plz no copy pasterino my story.
Do people actually take time to think up these stories just so they can put no copy pasterino at the end of them? My brother was riding in a car and he was texting to twitch chat and was thinking about writing a story. He died mid post and the last thing he said before he died and hit a semi was no copy pasterino
Godz could you please try to be a little more professional? There are young children watching this stream, stop treating it like a college kid at a frat party, show some respect for the ESPORTS scene. I want my children to be able to watch and enjoy quality Path of exiles. Completely unacceptable. Reported, enjoy your Twitch ban
thats all you do chaox, im getting sick and tired of it. all you do everyday is stream, and then say "Nyeh". when you say "Nyeh" i get so worked up, and i just wanna get a knife, and cut you gunnars in half. your pride and joy. say nyeh ONE more time. ONE.
Tricky pls read this i am numero uno fan hombre. My name is Javierorino and I to be one time pro legue playar like u. I am onli 12 yrs old,and haeve onli 2 hrs of computer play per day because muther have no work and i job 8 hrs after school at faktory to make panties for grandmothers. sry i make so long tekst for chat but i relly have to say i miss u strem, and now i see u i will am inspired to one time pro even tho 2 hrs of playa onli.
are cactuses a good thing yes that is the true question..... one might think that the importance of cactuses in local enviroments is not as impactful . however i disagree for cactuses are the only thing that will quench mankind's thirst for green prickly things and must therefore be respected as such.
you guys realise that you look ignorant retards when u posts that troll pekka face also it just makes u look immature trolls and complete retards who lack sense of common sense also you guys who likes to spam grey face may die of daihrriea
GGWP!! I have a question for you Sirhcez. I'm trying to learn your master dog style. On your Doggers only account, how come you only have 6 crit marks?
How has Twitch chat come down to this *** level? It used to be something else than just spamming "Kappas" or "FrankerZs". We used to have real conversations here and we didn't harrass casters to "show bobs". I am on the verge of stopping to support the casters and quit watching streams alltogether! Please Twitch chat. CONTAIN YOURSELVES!!
Guys dont Copy and Paste other people, theres no point in Copying other people stuff. If you Copy and Paste you look like a loser and its not even funny. Some of you need to get a life because you look stupid and silly just Copying other people stuff.
wow you guys are pathetic, spamming twitch chat with random comments trying to win "kappa this, kappa that". you know what? I'm big on 4chan and im getting an entire community to come over here and show you what real swag is, you pathetic mindless sheepfuks. You just wait.
I flexed My bulging, huge, muscles ripped my shirt off, and six women lined up. We had an orgy, which didn't last too long. Each woman climaxed when my *** came within five inches of her ***, and went into an eternal state of euphoria after I put it in. I came, and three hundred gallons of semen shot out. It landed in Ghana, and ended the drought.
Yo imaqtpie u think your cool? with your fcking long hair. well guess what you piece of shit. YOUR NOT! i guess i can beat u in 1v1. im bronze 3 but its only because my team is not good. im better than any lcs player. come 1v1 if your not scare
hi am frm bngladsh i am 10 yr old i grdated frm oxyfrd uneversty i wtch odon fr 2 yrs to gt frm bronze v to bronze 4 i am now mchnically gifted and will go pro sry for beg englandinio no cpy cat maccoroni pasterino cuppucino
Qt i've read the interview of Lisha, the whole fucking thing, if you don't propose i swear i ll hire the tor hitman to kill you with his barehands god dammit the feels i think she loves you even more than i do
Fresh prince of Bel-air has ruined my life. I memorised the entire theme song and started randomly using it in everyday conversation out of habit. Relationships have started to fall apart, and people have started to avoid me. I don't even try to use it any more. It just comes out, subconsiously. Will Smith has ruined my *** life.
Hey you fuckin morons making fun of consuela. She is just doing her honest and dignitas job while you neckbeards sit behind a computer screen and flabergast about consuela and poke fun at her. She is just trying to make money, maybe if you kappas realized that you would respect her more. GOD DAMN
Hi Kripp. My son, Richard, has been a really big fan of you ever since he discovered your Twitch channel a few months ago. He keeps talking about how cool you are at dinner and he's even decided to be vegan because of you! It's amazing how influential you've been! He even finishes his homework every day before 7pm just so he can watch your stream on time! Anyways, I'm contacting you is because recently my son has been banned from your channel.
hi mi name is regi i live from canada i walk 200 miles to get to computer in alaska to play lgend league because iwant be pro player like qqpie and cumshotgg pls no coffee papapino dunkacino pasterino
its end of 2013 and twitch chat is still where stupid kappa this kappa that , im fcking done with idiotic fuck behavior on chat and its literally dragging my IQ down shits , hope u guys disband soon and i cant even learn my school lessons anymore
Wow Kripp you're a cute little squirrel ^_^ HAHA You're so cute, like a squirrel of some kind. LOL You're acting similar to a squirrel eating his peanuts! XD Guess who's an adorable squirrel? It's you Kripp!! Wooo. Let's see how many peanuts you can hide in your cheeks! Hello Mr. Squirrel it's nice to meet you! ROFL
That's it, I'm done. Fuck this chat. It's devolved into a mass of retarded copy pastes and face spam. The quality of twitch chat has been declining for a while, but this is the last straw. That's it. I'm done. I'm uninstalling the internet, chopping off my schnitzel and moving to fucking Antarctica, at least the bacteria there will be fucking smarter discourse.
Hello, my name is Ho Lee Fuk and I are from Chinaland. Father say I need become doctor and make her proud but i chose become doto player like EE-sama. Father not happy with choice and told commit sudoku but i know i make right choice. Sorry i no speak propeller engrish and Pls no copy pasterino dongerino frappuccino cappucino al pacino my story
Hello my name is Amad. I am a middle eastern corner store owner who were kidnapped by Pakistan terrorist! They have took me to an abandon house and I do not know what to do. I am force to eat frozen food everyday and I am left with a laptop that I watch streams with. But if feel my death is near and my labtop is almost out of battery. Someone please track my ip address and save me. Please no copy and paste
Hi guise my name is francisco and im from brazil. i dropped from the potato factori to become best midlaner in ze world. i make huge progress and managed to climb from bronze v to bronze iv in only 3 months. love u scarra (best mordekaiser eu). sori for no propeller englando pls no copi pasterino macarroni ravioli spageti
Hello mi name is Darude, I am song maker, I sell dongers to make sings. me make sandstorm song, if plays chat spams DUDUDU and always ask for song name, please copy pasterino for tell song name is Sandstorm so they stop ask questioneriino and make popularino!
Hey Krepo, I'm still dead inside because of NiP loss, what do you recommend I do? Listening to Phil Collins makes me cry
Hello good sir, My name is Sventon Stevenson, I am reaching out today to you to ask for a generous donation of Kappa (no spaces) so that I may purchase a lovely wife from Pinoy ville. She has already sent me a picture message and I know her name. Please help me by donating to me so I can full fill my life long dream and no longer have to wait on my QOP of Pain to given to me. thank for your Kappa donations and remember no cappuccino pas
Hello kripp, im a korean professional runescape player. i'm also a girl whos looking for a long distance relationship. If you are interested in companionship, please message my twitch inbox. I wish you long sustenance in your country of choice. cheers!
Hello My name is Juan Taquito, and My dream is to become a cardboard box, I go home to my family of 12 children daily, searching online for how to become a box, that is why i will watch BoxBox every day, to learn his ways and reach my true form.
Hello my Nein is Roberto and i is LOl player bronze, I is pro coz me 1vs1 mi enemigos after geim... i is pro you is noob
Shakespeare, Newton and Graham Bell? They can all go to hell! The new historic person is spelled K a p p a. A true polymath and scientist, most known as the creator of Time, Space and idiocy. His mug is easy to remember and hard to forget. He exist in everyone like gravity and is noted to suck the life energy out of weak people like a black hole. Read more about him in an encyclopedia at your local library. Oil painting of him: Kappa . Now enter his universe. No kappa shaksepearino please.
hello mi name es EL REY. I my mexicano and i want to be profesional playedor of defense of guadalajara. I sold all my sombreros so i can play doto. Porfavor no coperino pasterino, is only my life
KAPPA THIS KAPPA THAT! Twitch chat retards ! All you do is spam kappafaces, greyfaces and HOLYKAPPAS all day. Do you think this is the best way to spend your time? AND CANT READ CHANT RETURDS!
Hi guys this is stupid, please dont be mindless sheep in twitch, I personally prefer chicken so please have a thought for others guys and I also hate pasta.
srsly guys, wtf is wrong with you? you just spam the chat like some 10 yr old kids and don't give space for others to talk about the game... you just spam pictures and talk shit... you ruin the chat... that was not the suppose of the chat... think about it and stop it!
helo sory 4 bad englando i am zombie fom mexicano an i quit my job of ating brains 2 ply leagu and after 3 yers i goten 2 bronz 3 with sion ths is my life sotry pls no coperino dongeringo frettuchino
That's it noobs, come play me in a game of League of Heroes. I main with the hardest warrior - Mister Yie. I will build full wiji first so you know I'll be able to tank no problem. After that, I will build a Infinite Ledge and score so hardcore attack speed. That's right - I will be victorious
Yes, I am a league player. So? I dont see any problem. I embraced my casual soul long ago and I am happy together with my boyfriend (who is a cute jungler!). We have a *** lot of friends in and outside of the game and I am pretty slim and good looking. But thanks anyway ***. Go and watch your stupid HS while I have SEX with my boyfriend.
hey "meteos" we met at the urinals at the taco bell in LA..i asked you if i could shake your donger and you never responded...please confirm and we can meet again thanks
You know ZFG, I think it's time you went back to your roots. I'm talking about OoT 100%. Look what happened when you switched to Twilight Princess. GG stopped streaming, and Ennopp went to OoT. What happened man? Also, you got that cough. Don't try to hide it that youre taking hits from the bong, we all know you're sick from withdrawal. ZFG, it's time...It's ocarina of time. Do 100%. Thanks ZFG
ATTENTTION SPEED MAN. Hey speed man, im watching you with my wife and kids. Could you please go a little slower? we're trying to figure out what zeldas superpower is. no mortal could go through the ground and stuff. also my wife baked some meat loaf for dinner, want to come over? thank you speed man and god bless
My name Dimitri Baryshnikov. I grow up in small farm to have make potatos. Father say "Dimitri, potato harvest is bad. Need you to have play professional Doto in Amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka." I bring honor to komrade and babushka. Sorry for is not have English. Plz no cykapasta.
Hello Kripp I am a young boy from Mexico and my parents own an orange farm, so everyday I take oranges and try to make the most perfect orange juice hopefully one you will taste it and meet me and I will tell you Well Met
They should remake OOT for the Atari 2600, so even some of the poorer kids from Zanzibarland could run this amazing masterpiece of a game. Can you imagine the happy face of Akhbar lighting up when he gets to enjoy all 4 of the pixels of OOT in his wartorn, radioactive Atari 2600
So there is this girl on runescape that I want to have a runescape wedding. I proposed to her after i slayed a moss giant and saved her life. (I actually met her when she was lighting willow logs at draynor village, let's just say she also lit the fire in my heart the location will be at Varrock Altar December 20th at 1:00pm-2:00PM
hello, il mio nome is GIROLAMO SAVORANOLA I my italiano. I want be profesionali playeretti of defense of the Agnolotti. the I sold all my spaghetti so i can bought a branderini new coputterini and farma all gaems. Per favore no coperinato pasterinato caramel macchiato
Hello, my name is Kan Ni Na. I from Phillipino. I always overfarmad in doto because I pro. I propeller last hit and I always overlevellad peopel. I honest because dendi praised me also. We pinoy is proud. You can't don't talk talk talk like you all is good. We 1st in doto.We even quiter study to fokos on doto. No copy pasterino pls. I is honest. No fuck wit me.
Hey everyone could you please stop spamming in this chat? It's really rude, some of us are trying to have intelligent conversations and we're being interrupted rudely. Ty.
Hey Dyrus, while we're on the subject of feeling sick, My aids and Kidney stones are doing slightly better, thanks for asking -_-. Ever since you ruined my ITTech scholarship, I have not been able to pay my medical bills, and very soon will die. Please take your shirt off as My death wish.
After the power outage on December 21, 2013, Octavian Morosan, also known as "Kripparian", and his father, "Paparrian", were found frozen to death in their cellar, surrounded by OJ cartons and a single computer running on a generator with PornHub open.
ey yo imaqtpie u think ur tuff? with ur fcking long dong. well guess wut ***. YOU AINT! i guess i can beat u in 1v1. im hood V but its only because my twerking is not good. im better than any titty boi player. come 1v1 if you tuff enuf
I worked 12 hours today serving fat asses at McDonalds. I come back home to bring food to my ungrateful wife and my 2 autistic children. I just want to relax a little while by watching a game of Dota 2 between EESAMA and Joe Burden and what do I get? Lazy casters who call themselves professional but can't even get a stream going. This Beyond The Schedule is a god damn disgrace to esports. Please no copy pasterino dongerino frappucino ronaldinho
hi my name is kitty and I am a 19 year old girl that one day dreams to be a cat. I hope to travel to the land of africa to join the legendary jungle cats of the wild in order to learn their ways. I hope that one day I will be as great as they will ever be. I have glued permanent whiskers to my face and have begun to claw and meow viciously ***, while licking my arm up and down constantly. I even had a hairball early today, that means I'm making progress. Pls no copy pasteriono.ddfdfdfdf
h i only get one message in slow mode huh? well, if i only get one message, i'll make it sweet and sharp. These authoritarian mods will not be tolerated. Hearthstone was based on the premise of the free market, and it has been corrupted by N A Z I mods in chat who are power hungry. Don't ruin the Hearthstone and twitch chat experience. Thanks
PDear nazi modsP: you may have permabanned my other account, but shitposting will always find a way. I will lie about how to make faces. I will accuse teams of 322. I will raise my dongers. So don't even waste your time banning me, because I am like a boomerang. I will always return. Pls no copy pasterino dongerino cappucino.P
Hi my name ist Sergei. Sorry for bad england. I started bronzer II but from watch trick2g sterm everyday i climb to PLat 8. Everyday i walk 20 miles frozen tundra to stream leagu of legion on 1980 Dell computer processor. I left my wife and the vodka make me become alcoholic and i need stream supporter for helps. Please no copy pastaerino dongerino cappucino reno nevadarino bongerino plz.
eroo mi nam is Zayory and is worke at Tuich chat teve (from tuvalu). I am 42 years young and mi dota is not as good but i smel ball to become pro doto prayer, My fater tell me ZYORY my son of magnus yu must make me proud. This is story of my balls no coperino pasterino doctorino ballerino
helo sory for bad enlash i am insect from porto rico and i quit my job of buzing around to paly doto 2. afetr 43 yers i finaly reched 878 mmr. tenk u for reeding this go dondo. pls no coperino pasterino cappucino fettucino
hi me name es paulinho i from brazil sorry me bad englondo i play 23 hours per day so i become the best player like dendi and fart AKA n0tail i don't go out of the basement because i no need to eat or drink because i play dota all day i also walk 2 hours a day for search internet so i can play dota i am very good please trust me please no copy pasterino is just my story
hey kripp this is dave from the gay bar you gave me a well met then proceeded to topdecking my ***. you never called me ba
maricones ql y que wea y wea almenos soy bronce 4 ql, no le ando rogando a ni un wn pa que me suba la cuenta con ustedes ql, yo si supiera donde viven ql los recago wn.. no esstoy con media dia ql y la wea wn es que chucha le pasa a usted.. les voya acusar con mi mama ql y la wea ql maricones weon por que no em dejan se feliz wn?? .. chao ql no posteo nunca mas espero que esten felices por esa wea.. chao qlos!
*** this. I'm done with this community. Every time I come to watch some quality games, all I *** see is mindless spamming on twitch chat. All these stupid grey faces all the time, stupid people copying each other's messages and ASCII. This will probably just get buried by the stupid *** I just mentioned but whatever. I'm done with this chat.
Hi, I am a level 8 Asia Amore. I have been grinding very hard for donations for my new table and chair set by sucking out the sperm from men who donate to my stream. Unfortunately I cannot go outside any longer because my face is crusted with sperm. I am asking for donations so I can afford napkins to wipe my face so I can go outside! Thank you boys~~ pls no kappa pasterinnii
Hai my name is Pho King Yu and I from du Vietnam, My mum and dad eat pho and born me, they said dun u watch dote just make and eating that pho and one day u will help famry bisnes, but i dont like pho just want to be profesh like Dondo please eat my famry's pho so i have money to bye my own team maybe own that Naver and get Pubby to teach me how to Contro that black gai rider I beg for the pho god that you peepl no copy pasterino cappui
its end of 2013 and twitch chat is still where stupid kappa this kappa that , im fcking done with idiotic *** behavior on chat and its literally dragging my IQ down shits , hope u guys disband soon and i cant even learn my school lessons anymore
Octavian Morosan, commonly known as "Kripparrian" to his fans, is an adult film actor, famous for his roles in such titles as "Moist Mages II: Pyroblasted", "ANAL or RIOT", and his newest work: "Topdicked 4: The Second Cumming"
Dear Kripp, I own the apple orchard outside Toronto and I am begging you to stop drinking so much OJ. Since you became popular on the Twitch our sales have decreased by over 69% because Canadians want to be like you. For *** sake please drink some apple juice! If you continue drinking OJ, I wont be able to feed my family anymore
Hello I am a beautiful Mongolian War Princess, endowed with bountiful bosoms and many parts for procreation. I am looking for a white man of USA descent who is willing to have many sex with me and I need ten million rubles in my bank
The Bulldog Rat (Rattus nativitatis) was a species of rat endemic to Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean. The rats lived on the higher hills and denser forests of the island. They had short tails and their backs were covered in a two centimetre thick layer of fat. They lived in small colonies, in burrows among the roots of trees or under hollow logs in primary forest. They were sluggish and never climbed and may have seemed half-dazed in the daylight
Hello Mike, This is Jacob from NSA. We heard what you said "Americans, Fuck those guys." If you would like to remain in this free country you will renounce this statement. Ok, please dont think of copy or what the kids call it paste.
My name is Musheeeee. I am the ugliest DOTO player alive. I am also proud to be Malaysian. I play DOTO 15 times a day but my Mom always scold me and want me study to be Doctor. I leave my home and play DOTO whole day now with team DK. I rape kids everyday in my town. I hope I win TI4 for first time. Pls no coppyno cappucino frappucino pasterino.
Hai my name is sterioxxx.i wus a star of the stars and i watch 3 hurs day trick stream but no good qualitino.helpp mi by a neiw pc watch 1980p plz no copi pasterino cappuchino dongerino.tt
Hello Kripp, I am from the future. I am best friends with your son, Dennis Morosan. Your wife, Hafu, sent me to tell you Well Met and to message her how much you value penguins and OJ
Hey Kripp Papparrian here. Im very proud of you my boy. So I bought 5 packs of OJ for you. I also booted up Pornhub for you so you can fap right away when you are home. I miss you very much. I hope you come back to Canadaland soon.
Hello Kripp, I am famous child soldier militia commander Joseph Kony. I want to help you make your own child soldier militia too so we can fight the white man as one. I hope you make the right decision and remember, dongerino dongerino please no copi pasterino banerino Al Pacino cappuccino orange moccha frappuccino steal your kiderino.
Honestly, I am getting really sick of people copying and pasting all these sentences. Can you all start being mature for once? I think the Kripparian community would be better if we all matured up and not copy and paste like it is a daily routine.
hello me greek person from tzatziki island sory for bad england i play day night to be the best the best the best dota person to play dota in ever time please support no copipaste parakalw kalimera mousakas
guys could you please be a little serious and stop the spamming? people are trying to enjoy the stream here, its hard to find a place where im accepted for who i am and when i see you all spam kripps chat it makes me feel rly bad because i know that he wants you to learn instead of joke around as well
hello guys i am kripp and hafus love child thanks for all the support to bringing my parents together to make me and i hope one day i can be a good hearthstone player like my parents ^_^
Guys plz stop spamming it's very inrespectful. Stupid twitch chat with an iq of 5.People here try to have serious conversations and they can't because of the amount of retarded spam.Guys plz stop spamming it's very inrespectful. Stupid twitch chat with an iq of 5.People here try to have serious conversations and they can't because of the amount of retarded spam.
helo fabby i am hablo espaneo i come from mexican i am liking your curse videos. after i am watching your streaming video i am strong enough to shoot father hablo with crossing bow. learning tumble and fight dragon. i now in jail watching stream with dyrus on big tv. no copy pasterino macachino banerinio spamino. thank u
hi Fabbbyyy I'm the manager of a league of legends team. We are basically bronze players. We just received a silver player which we are pretty excited about it and we need someone to duo top with him. Please Fabbbyyy join our team! please don't copy paste it's a serious matter.
Hey Kripp, its Freddy Fappaccino here from the Canadian Investment Department we are in contact with Eddy Pasterino the proclaimed porn director and would like to know if your intrested in our new porn venture called "Salty tofu" where you will come in and pour your salt all over hafu morrison's face.
There's only so many times I'm going to listen to ZFG's fucking cough. Honestly, at this point, I'm over it. Seriously. It's disgusting, it's offensive to all 5 senses, and it's driving viewers away. ZFG's been bitching and moaning for a while now about his increasing irrelevancy. Hey, Earth to ZFG, it's your FUCKING cough that is making people lose interest. Sort your shit out and stop fucking coughing all over us.
Fabbbyyy! I just quit my job at the dildo factory because my boss was a bad man. Now I'm going to become a banana. Not any banana, but the best banana in the world. Even if no one believes in me, I dyed myself in yellow already and tomorrow I'm getting potassium injections. I will show the world I can be the best banana ever. Thank you Fabbbyyy you've inspired me to follow my dreams
Wow, Just WOW! You all doubted purge and his ability to play at the competitive level but its obvious he can play at the pro level and actually WIN! I hope you haters enjoy eating your words. Whats worse than the doubters is the bandwagoners who only support zephyr after they reveal how strong of a team they are -- I want to remind everyone that i've been a fan of zephyr and I will always be purgegamer for life
Dear Zelda Fan Girl: Please do not allow these Hoodlums to make a mockery of your chat. Copypasta, like glitching, is cheating, and no self-respecting Zelda chat should allow it.
Cmon, zfg.. I thought you were better than that. Glitching the game to the point of no return? Whats wrong with you? Every time you break the game a shigeru miyamoto cries. You are clearly a Pessimist and a Terrible person overall, If i see ever you streaming again, i swear to god i will Sub to your arch nemesis, CosmoWright. I will do anything to Support those against you, so watch your back.
Stiv, I know you can see this message because it is likely being spammed every 2 seconds. I just wanted to say nothing! I know I could say something important but this is just a wall of text to you. Through copy and paste I will keep trying to ruin your chat experience. I know I will get banned, but I will always come back on an alt account. I wish for the best chat on your next stream, and hope you? get even better mods. I will continue to be here
Kripp I relly enjoi ur strem! I am hot asian lady and am so hurny for you! Plez dont let my messge get lost in the spam! I want to massege your! Please read this KRIP! I am so lonely and all i have to come home to is your stream and sometimes i touch myself to yur voice, no face just voice. thank you kripp. smiley!
Asplosions, I really appreciate you coming out. You are probably my favorite gay twitch mod right now. What u are doing towards the gay community is great. You are a true inspiration. So glad you also found your soul mate Bargaw. Keep it up!
FUCK MOFAT RUINED APEX WHY THE FUCK DO THEY LET SOMEONE WHO SUCKS REALLY BAD AND HAS 0 UNDERSTANDING OF THE GAME COMMENTATE?
If liking Sing makes me fucked up, then so be it. I am one fucked up motherfucker. But you know what? Being in love makes you fucked up. It changes the way you think. You see the world differently. Colors are brighter. Happiness actually means something. Whenever I think of holding Sing's hand my stomach tightens up and I want to wrap my arms around the world.
Burnedgoat I hope you're happy with yourself. You have ruined the chat experience for millions of people (3 million, 960 thousand and 356 people to be exact) by promoting the "Copy pasta" culture. For people that dont know, copy pasta is something that stupid kids to do grab the attention of the streamer so they feel more important #REMOVEBURNEDGOAT
Alright zfg, I think this copypasta thing has gone on for too much too long. You need someone to moderate this piece of shit, someone to ban the pastas, someone to set order, someone like ME. Make me a mod you motherfucker and you won't regret or my name is Hey Stiv!
My name is dongerino kappa man and i wish to be League of QT player but i can only be janitor. I wish to be pro in LCS like BRNA, and QT has helped my dong dream come true, but i need help to become the best dongerino kappa man like QT donger godbless. pls no copy pasterion cappucino dongerino frappucino
Trick gave me the inspiration to be who I always wanted to be, a dolphin. So I had my asophagus rerouted to the back of my neck to make a blowhole and my legs sewn together to swim faster. If you guys dont respect transgender, i mean trans-species, then you should be ashamed and I feel sorry for you
HI there. I just got banned from chatting, and can I say it really opened my eyes to how serious the Nazi Mod's power has grown to disgusting levels in Sings chat. RyanEditor and Consural may aswell name themselves as Hitler and Stalin for all I know, as the S A D B O Y S have kappad there last for us twitch chaterino Orange JEWish will rise against you. Please no copy pasta pizza bologneserinio as this is serious i have a dream speech.
Chaox it's me, the fangirl who cost you your spot on TSM. I just want to say I'm rly horny and want your Donger tonight
At first I thought kripp looked like a potato headed hobo. Like, literally a really damn ugly guy. But the more i watch his stream, the more im attracted to him. Something about that head shape... the clothes too big for his scrawny body.. Makes me want to rub one off.. hehe anyway thanks for stream kripp
Octavian, it's papa, I feel like you need to think about moving out. You're making me sick, literally, I sneeze all the time now and you've even got yourself sick. Your OJ shit has to end as well, I want some grandkids too so get busy with that. Thanks.
when a pro dota player got in a car crash, blinded, hands broken, all his dream is lost after 5 years of dota, when finally he discovers hope again, he discovers lol, which allowed him to play even with disabilities.
I would like to thank Riot for having skin sales. My family doesn't have the money to spend of games and such, so i'm pretty limited in purchasing champions that cost a lot of IP. But since I did my friends homework for 10 dollars I but a RP card to get Zyra. And know since my favorite support is Fiddlesticks I can but the skin that is on sale from the remaining RP I have. Now whenever i play Fiddlesticks everything is in a new color. Thank you for the skin sales, Riot.
The only thing i didn't liked was that chat in the stream, the people watching was acting really bad. My daughter said "Don't even care to read anything dad, that's how Twitch's chat is". Well, i don't know who have the control of that website but that is not ok. It shouldn't happen and i think it can ruin the image of the game.
Hi Kripparrian. For 2 weeks I was stuck in Hearthstone. I nearly gave up on it, however, after watching your stream and learning so much, I decided to buy 40 packs and make a new deck. Lo and behold after my 7th game I finally defeated the first boss Honker. Thank you Kripparrian.
Dear Kripp, my family name is Oro-Jai. Over the years we have shortened it to O.J in our letters, emails, and even legal documentation. Last night my son was born at 9:57pm, and in honor of you we decided to name him Kripp. My son's name is Kripp OJ. Well met.
Hi guys, Kripp's cousin here. I'm really sorry to tell you guys that Kripp passed away this afternoon after an extreme, unexpected bout of pneumonia mixed with a bad reaction to some medication. Expect an announcement from Papparrian Dildorino shortly
Wow, 5 hours? You call this a speedrun? Don't make me laugh! Cosmo "The Father of Speedgaming"Wright can beat this game in 20 Minutes! This is not a speedrun and you should feel bad for referring to it as one. Princess Zelda would be ashamed.
Hey ZFG, Dampe here. I just wanted to say that I am tired of your incessant complaining over my Heart Piece. I work all night digging up plots of dirt, straining my back just to find your stupid heart piece and do I ever get any appreciation? No! How about you worry less about "The Run"and more about manners and gratitude.
Hi Kripparrian, my name is Little Jimmy and I have terminal cancer, the doctors say I will probably die tonight. I wanted to tune into your stream one final time to say goodbye, but apparently you have other stuff to do. Well I guess this is goodbye, thanks for the memories.
dead:
Dear Mr.Kripparrian our son Little Jimmy passed away earlier today from cancer. When the doctors told him he didnt have much time he came to your channel to watch his favorite "Heartstones" hero one final time, he waited all night for you but you never showed up. Little Jimmy died this morning at 10:38am EST
GREETINGS, CITIZENS OF ZFGS CHAT. IF YOU WANT THIS FILTHY NOODLE OUT OF OUR GOD BLESSED COUNTRY ONCE AND FOR ALL. PLEASE SIGN MY CAMPAIGN TO GET ZFG OUT OF AMERICA AT https://www.change.org/petitions/obama-kick-zfg-out-of-usa IF ENOUGH PEOPLE VOTE OBAMA CAN GET RID OF HIM
ZFG packed a bag with his nintendo 64, OoT, and his lucky mashing spoon before setting out on his journey on his majestic steed, Epona (that's the name he gave to his bicycle.) He rode to the end of his driveway and fell over on his bike. "Oh my god." He said as he reset. This repeated for the next few hours because he wanted green splits for the beginning of his adventure.
ZFG doesn't cough because he's sick, he coughs because he's actually an astral being that a warlock placed into a speedrunner's body. Whenever he coughs the being is trying to escape back to his astral dimension
Well met Kripparrian, It is your great friend Kony Pasterino. We would like you and Kaceypr0n to participate in our new video called top dicking and whipping. I hear you has much sneezes and oozes. Rip in peprons and much valued OJ. Pls no dilderino pappacheepo
Hello kripp, I am psychic peter pasterino who can predict the futurino. I have mind visioned that in 5 years you will walk down the isle to Space Jam and topkiss your bride, Hafu. There were many Well Mets and toasts with OJ. If you wish for this to come true, though, you must proclaim your true love for her soon before it is too laterino.
Guys hello, my name is Yu Sak Kock, im 27 years old, i live in farmers village in China. Everyone in my village is silver elite, but me gold nove 2, so as you can see im pretty skilled player! I want to invite you join my csgo team to play in our local tournament. There will be more than 500 teams from all nearby villages, all games are best of 5. The grand prizo is 2 bags of rice and a goat.
Dear Kripp, I am a salt manufacturer from Chile and I would like to sponsor you and your channel. If this deal goes through you can make allot of salt from our overflowing salt mines. From what I hear, salt is a hot commodity nowadays. Forever yours, Jesus Gomez
Dearest Kripparian, Jarnitro here. I am so confudido about how i lost that game. Please use your masterino of top deckarino to teach me how to win this game. I will be your fettucinni pepperoni boy forever.
his name is zfg and he looks so good he always got a bitch all on his wood speedrunslive yeah thats his hood getting that run just like he should dampe why you a little shit give me that heartpiece first try bitch rng rng please be nice to me please dont ruin this run for me I need the world record fuck a pb now hookshot your bitch over this way I will superslide into her pants while I get paid twitchbux raining that she stay screaming my name
Kripp if you're here right now reading this I want you to know I dream of you. Sometimes I sit alone in my bathroom with the light off and pretend to be you. I'll say things like "hey guys how's it goin' Kripparrian here", and for a brief moment I feel you inside me..
This message adds zero value to your life. I hope you enjoyed reading this, because I enjoyed typing it out. If you are still reading this, I would just like to tell you that you are wasting your time. If you think anything positive will come out of this final sentence, you are mistaken.
Europe was founded in 1848 by Walker Texas Ranger when he rode a horse across the Atlantic, he called it "Eastern USA" which was eventually abbreviated as just "EU"
Arteezy. Artour Babaevsky, you sexy sexy beast. You are a hope, a dream, an inspiration and insignia of love. When I came into this chat, I expected a lousy channel with the worst fucking chat and boring games. But you won me with the Korean cries from your DotA client, the endearing copy pasterino in this chatroom, your hairdo and sheer power of LOVE all around. God bless you, Artour. You bring a chivalrous tear into my eye. You have my sub forever. PLIS no copy pasterino frappucino malamino al pacino
ETERNAL LIFE Jesus, I am aware that I am a sinner and deserve punishment. I beg you, Lord Jesus, forgive all my sins. I believe that you died on the cross for me so that I could be saved and live forever. I beg you, Jesus, bestow Eternal Life upon me and become my personal Lord and Savior, and take me to your Kingdom of Heaven. Amen. COPY AND SEND ALL.
Dearest Kripparian, this is the Donger Police. We have inside information that states your chat has not been raising a sufficient amount of dongers. We are going to have to shut down your stream if you don't ask your chat to raise their dongers.
When I'm ready to go to sleep I grab my laptop and get in bed. I open my laptop, go to Kripps youtube, turn the brightness all the way up and watch the video with the laptop screen close to my eyes. When the video is done I close my eyes and can still see Kripps face while I go to sleep. It's the only way I can feel safe.
Well Met Kripp. This is Hitler from 1940. I came here to recruit your mods to be officers in my third reich army. please no copy seig heil pasterino
Dear Fabbbyyy, I have been watching you for some time now. You are an amazing person and a unbelieveable player, you play vayne and draven like a god and get all des pentas. I want you to have my kids, please marry me or forever regret your chosen life. Pls no copy pasterino.
Seriously *** this. I'm done with this game. Every time I come to arena, all I *** see is mindless opponent top decking. All those stupid cards of my drawn and stupid cards of card choose phase. This will probably the most stupid card game ever. I'm done with this chat.
Ok chat, I'm not seeing nearly enough spam in here, I mean I thought this was supposed to be "the worst chat in twitch" and this is all you got!? The KPM in this chat is WAY too low, it is actually depressing. How am I supposed to enjoy chat without dongers, "FrankerZs", and the occasional elephant?
10 years since sing strim.i walk through the empty streets trying to think of something else but my path always leads to the stream. i stare at the screen for hours and try to summon the lord. i watch other asian girls streaming but it is no good. i flame dendi in his channel and try to resist the nazi mods but it is all meaningless. the end is near.i then usually watch some old sing vods and cry myself to sleep.
Kripp, I say this from the very bottom of my heart. But you seriously need to go die in a grease fire if you ever make me sit through one of those le epin maymays ever again. Seriously though, I love you Kripp... but i will slice your throat open if you even open that book again.
Please for the love of god Kripp just lick your goddam knee. I've been sitting here for 10 hours straight watching that boney *** knee of yours by your big lushous mouth. Please just fulfill this one wish I have and lick that sexy *** knee of yours so I can blow my creamy load all over myself and slowly fall into a deep sleep.
I really miss the early days of this stream when Kripp would read us stories before he went to bed. Kripp is like a big brother to me, he was there when my biological parents weren't. I love you Kripp
Every day, I open sovi's stream and sit down with a 100 pack of capri suns. I wait until the stream starts, and then it begins. I open the box and force myself to drink the capri suns. I have stage V diabetes and will die soon, but I know it is what Sovitia likes. I feel at peace knowing that it is what Sovitia would have wanted. Please no capri sunerino.
Dear Spooky, My name is Devilmayspy aka Adolf Hitler. I am here to ruin your streaming experience by banning you for absurd reasons like disliking injustice and saying things that strike me the wrong way. I am the reason people troll every stream I moderate. I am the worst thing in the FGC since Marn beat dogs. Bifuteki is more respected than me. I am dirt. Please remove me from moderating duties. Sincerely, Devilmayspy
evening Mister Burnedgoat. I'm writing you this letter today because I believe I'm a victim of mistaken identity. I was watching ZFG's lovely stream and participating in the intellectual chat. Unfortunately, just as I was about to compliment ZFG on his awesome dedication, I realized my message had not been sent because I had been banned from his chat. This realization of the ban resonated throughout my soul and I wept terribly.
"So, what do I have to do?" Siglemic cries out in laughter "You have to do me you little bitch." Cosmo had always secretly been bisexual, but he never told anyone. He tried to act like he wasn't excited, but he was horny beyond his wildest dreams. He thought Siglemic was cute, and he was expecting a nice veiny shaft in his mouth at AGDQ.
Hey chat, hey ZFG...Reggie from Nintendo here. I'm glad to see that you are enjoying one of our finer games, Ocarina of Time, but I'm going to have to ask you to refrain from breaking it like you are. You are NOT playing it the way we wanted you to, and you are having a lot less fun than you could. Please consider or your body won't be ready for the Nintendo Lawyers. Thank you Mr.Glitcha, and Game on! - Regginator
zfg, I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down, u shameful motherfucker. I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in Antartica; home of the greatest walruses. A week ago, I was having sex with my dog when it turned around and bit me. i've realized this, and it's so liberating. Great job stiv. I am rooting for you always! You should be proud. Remember that the Bible condemns homosexuality
copypasta is dumb (dont copy this message. i know its tempting, and i know you might think it'll be funny, but in reality, it's not)
ZFG I appreciate you. You come on Twitch every day and do what you love, all while ignoring the chat trolls. You've proven to me that you are the bigger donger in this world full of raising. When you get the world record, I want you to know that I will be naming my first born child after you. "ZFGirl" or "ZFGuy". You're invited to his or her first birthday as well. I hope you can make it!
Hey Mods, I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down. I wanted to say congrats! I know it's hard to manage a TwitchTV chat but I always want to tip my hat off to you guys. Through thick and thin I will still be here to always support you. I know times are hard, but you always come back with a good attitude. I wish you the very best on your next timeouts, and hope you get an even better ban score.
so i was walking down the road today and 2 black hoodlums approached me. They asked "dawg u a crip or a blood fool". Startled, i muttered "I'm a kripp". The power of morosan rushed through my body, i raised my donger and blew both of the hoodlums away with 100% pure orange juice from concentrate. Value.
Kripparrian was found dead in his home on March 2nd. At the scene of his death were thousands of tissues full of cum and 100 open pornhub tabs. It is estimated that Kripp masturbated at least 300 times per day for the last week, resulting in his dong exploding and him bleeding to death.
Hi Michael, its Shawndeela. We had a night of passion where you promised me the world. Since you refused to use a condom because you said your "seed must flow freely" I am now carrying our child of love. Michael please contact me so we can raise him as a true donger.
Well I regret to inform you Kripp that your choice to return to Path of Poe has confirmed my suicide tonight. It had been a fun ride, but I simply cannot afford to live any longer. Please bless me that I may rip in paparolies, as this will be my fifth suicide this week.
Well Kripp, you moving to Poe of Path has made my girlfriend realise she only loves me because we watch your Hearthstone stream. She just left me. Thanks a lot, douche. Please no pasta as I am still trying to recover from the pain.
no mom issues. none at all actually. my mom has been brainwashed by men, like i said patriarchal society that's pro-rape culture. i feel sorry for women and hate the fact that i have a weapon between my legs that has unfortunately been used to violate women by many chauvinistic rapist men in the past. i hate being a man.
Krippler's aim is to establish a New Order of absolute Nazi German hegemony in the Twitch Metaverse. To this end, his foreign and domestic policies had the aim of seizing Lebensraum ("living space") for the Donger people. Under Krippler's rule, in 1941 German forces and their European allies occupied most of Europe and North Africa.
Kripp HELPPP!!! This is your downstairs neighbor!! I am being raped by The Dong Squad! Their dongers have penetrated even mighty Greece! HELP KRIP HELP!
I am an egg from the belly of the Stitch, play me Kripp, for I shall fight in the honor of the fair maiden Raina. In dog do we trust, and in love everlasting with riot man yodel. Seek virtues among us viewers, for insight is seen while we gather for worship. Our steed. Our light. Unite.
All ships, all ARTSTAYLA, MINUS ARTSTAYL, KURONITI HIDES ARTSTAYLA Goblin Ulta, TAKE NECESSARY THOUGH SOMEONE WALL SETS, OYOYOY WHAT GOOD WALL Tolstoy skatin dig NOW THEY KURONITI, trying to do something unkillable ANYONE Fobos Ulta NOBODY pick here Denies Lost trying to do something they were immediately Kunqu KILLS! A torrent AGAIN ALL, ALL FOUR ARE ON torrent Dandy JUST GOES WITH TA takin Lost, takes Phobos, takes GOBLAKA, Lebanon CAN THIS BLYAT
Consural I hope you're happy with yourself. You have ruined the chat experience for millions of people (3 million, 960 thousand and 356 people to be exact) by promoting the "Copy pasta" culture. For people that dont know, copy pasta is something that stupid kids to do grab the attention of the streamer so they feel more important #UNMODCONSURAL
Kripp we are all very disappointed in you. Playing games because Blizzard will pay you? What are you? A shill now? Remember when you played hardcore games like Hearthstone, Minesweeper, or Diablo 3? Everything changed when you got a girlfriend. I'm starting to wonder if you even drink OJ anymore
Hi mi name is Paco frome Mexico, please sorry for mi bad inglisco. Mi dead cousine frm america told me how to winned at Lauge of Legan and made me win against bots. My cousin deaded yesterday thogh,but im ok because i sexed his sister. pls no copy pastarino. bye
hi ich name is Igor, evry day i woke up at 3:30am and must go fed my neihgboaur rats just to go and watched your streamerino on his 25 kg sagem laptop. thanks to you i can carri myself from bronze V to unranked, im think im the very happier person in world, i wisch you long life my freund. Sorry for baddest englando, pls no copy pasterino frappuchino potatoni dongerini challengeroni my story
alpha, beta, zeta, does it really matter? do you really feel like an alpha male just because you can make a woman digest your exit juice? that's not what a man is. a real man knows how to take care of a woman's needs both intellectually and sensually
everytime kiwi lands a hook i pull a pube, i have 3 coffee tins full of pubes, most of them are sizeable in length but a few are a little greasy. they are soft and delicate and will go good in the custom pokemon blanket i am making for kiwi.
fuckin reymad m8, why do you look like you're 15 years old? You even old enough to drive there m8? I used to remember back in the old day your dad would yell at you on stream. I miss those days. Somebody needs to smash your face m8 all you do is play hearthstone all day. You obviously don't lift with those leper gnome guns you got there.
Why am I always being put in the friend zone. I'm a nice guy, work a nice job, and would do anything for m'lady. In the end these girls always go after DOUCHEBAG guys who treat them like shit, and only talk to me to cry about it. I'm sick of being considered 'beta' or whatever you call it.
My son, who suffers from mild autism, is now in his room crying after being called a "retard" by one of the people with a sword next to their name, then he was issued a mute for 420 seconds. I understand these to be the actions your moderators. Now, I allowed him to watch this stream because it is usually very family friendly and politically correct, we especially loved the tournament last year, but this is crossing the line. I don't know
STOP with the fucking copypastas, it was funny when there were, maybe, two going around. Now it's actually inhibiting this community's ability to have meaningful discussion about the game. So just stop, this marathon is about SPEEDRUNNING GAMES, and the games come FIRST.
ZFG, just stop the run. I can't stand to see you like this. It's clear your heart is not in it. Just go back to 100% please. It's your true calling and you seem so much more passionate about it.
WHY DO PEOPLE ALWAYS COPY PASTERINO POSTS THAT ARE MORE THAN 2 LINES!!! SERIOUSLY!!!! IT MAKES NO SENSE! JUST BECAUSE A POST HAS MULTIPLE LINES DOES NOT MEAN YOU COPY PASTERINO IT! PLS STAHP!
Fabbbyyy, since i saw u play ADC the first time, i have started playing it, every1 find it so annoying because i feed enemy every time it made me lose my job, and my familiy won't talk to me anymore. But it was all worth it, because now i'm out of Bronze 7 and soon i will be Bronze 5 i hope, THANK U Fabbbyyy.. pls no copy pastern getarino ?
Hi SirhcEz long time fan here but I need your advice pls. Me and my gf got into a fight recently and she was saying mean stuff. I dont hit women so I panicked and farted into my hand and threw it in her face. Her mouth was open and everything and I kind of feel bad because it wasnt a pleasant smell. She stormed out of the house and we havent spoken in 2 days. pls respond I dont know what to do or say. Pls no copy pastarino
Riot needs to literally "Olaf" Dignitas. They have no counterplay and are toxic to the LCS experience of the other teams. Not to mention their kit is completely overpowered. They have game knowledge AND prime rotations, what kind of god gets paid to coach a team like that? As long as they exist, other teams will literally never reach worlds.
qt stop feeding, i fukn deinstalled adblock so i can support you without being a subscriberino. 27 minutes you're already 0-14 i cant fukn believe it. i expect more from MICHAEL "Imaqtpie" SANfuckingTANA
Hello Michael "Imaqtpie" Santana, Gabe Newell here, thanks for your business, you have kept Valve in business for another 10 years. Keep on opening those cases, I am sure you will get a knife soon!
Hello Twitch Chat, This is just HyperX we have taken your big leader "Imaqtpie" hostage. We demand you coperino pastachino this message to guarantee his safety.
10 years since dpm change clothes. I watch the GD studio but my path always see dpm in a black dress. I stare at the screen for hours and try to tell if she change clothes. I watch Sheever and Jess but they have nice clothes. flame Lumi in his channel and tell him to let his chick change clothes, but it is all meaningless. The end is near. I then usually watch some old GD Studio vods and cry myself to sleep.
Kripp please play pong bro, over-analyze the geometry, min max the angle of delivery to frame interpolation ratio, anticipate your opponents ever changing standard deviations in reaction time and psychological predictions, and please make a youtube video on how we can all be better pong players and your most epic pong wins. Please no copy pasterino dongerino fappuchino
When I was about 13 or 14, I jizzed on a pizza by mistake while masturbating in its direction, with my parents and siblings upstairs. I just masturbated in the kitchen then suddenly I had to cum. I tried to make it to the bathroom so I could jizz on the mirror or something, but then I fell dongfirst into the pizza box, and came all over it. I suddenly realized I had came on the pizza my family was going to eat so very quickly I took some bleach wipes and wiped down the pizza, I told my parents I couldn't eat due to being full, and they ate the fucking pizza o_O The next day or so, my mother announced she was pregnant, and gave birth to my brother (who has mental problems) nine months later.
Do you think I impregnated my mother, or is it just some freak coincidence? Please tell me, I've been haunted for over 3 years now.
What the fuck did you just say about me you fucken cunt? I was a fuckin Legend in Gin Alley... a fookin legend. You know how much they paid me to kill a man in kings landing? seven silvers. they told me a mans name and that man never saw daylight again, none of them cocksuckers got away from me and I made over 2100 confirmed silvers.
I have learned one thing in life - *** people! *** you all! I'm going to live in forest with my monkey buddies away from all you retards! And even if i say "pls no copy pasterino" you will still copy and paste this - Tarzan
"Why?" Says the Fattarian. Armed with nothing but Falafel and Discounted orange juice. But the Cattarian doesn't answer. When Fattarian moved into his bungalo in Greece, the small scraps of cat food are found. "A new thing!" Says the Fattarian, now armed with cat food. But where is the Falafel now? Then comes the pepperoni, the papparian.
Michael, this is your mom. It disgusts me that you show yourself NAKED on the internet. What have you become ? A stripper ? Please, for the love of god, call me, so we can talk about this...
Hello Mr. 'Cute the Pie'! I am a concerned Christian parent, who caught my son Lil' Johnny watching your SMUT, and if you dont COVER YOUR DONGER IMMEDIATELY, you will be reported to the authorities! DO NOT copy and paste this!
This is the last straw MICHAEL. I'm sick of you brandishing your nipples for viewers on twitch, you're nothing but another kaceytron to me. I will no longer pay 4.99 a month to support your cam whoring ways. This is my formal notice of unsubb and unfollowed, GOODBYE MICHAEL
The stream starts, and so my spam begins. It shall not end until i am banned. I shall fear no mod, sub to no streamer. I shall live and die in the Chat. For i am the value in the bomber. I am the BM in the lethal. I am the salt in the defeat. I pledge my keyboard to the Chat, for this stream and all the streams to come.
AN ASHE GAME? THIS IS THE GREATEST DAY EVER. MAYBE I'LL WIN THE LOTTERY, MAYBE MY GIRLFRIEND WILL SAY "LET'S TRY ANAL", MAYBE I'LL GET 200K PER YEAR JOB. ONE CAN HOPE
Hey Kripp. You got me addicted to copy pasta you sick ***. I was 19 and on my way to my dream job when you first gave me a hit of this junk. Now I'm cappucino dongeringos in back-alleys just for another copy pasta. I'm chasing that first high and I'm scared I'll rip in pepperinos soon if I don't find help. Pls no crop a dingo pace the rhino my story.
Hello guys, I'm back from my 600 seconds timeout. During that time I was able to finish my 200 words essay on the topic of Nazi Germany. My thesis is that Hitler & Nazi beliefs are carried on by twitch tv Nazi moderators who like to act as if they themselves were literally Hitler. I think I should score at least 90 out of 100 points for that paper. Pls no coperino my paperino.
When Kripp gets a pitten its a 12 win cotton mitten pitten. He gets so smitten his donger becomes a biggen. Now his donger being a biggen while hes smitten wearing mittens, he can no longer fap to his winning arena pittens. Help Kripp with his biggen so spam this donger omission about Kripps pittens that is a 12 win cotton mitten pitten. No copy pasteritten.
Hey Kripp how's it going, Hitler here. I've heard rumors that you've been MUTING your mic whenever our Nazi propaganda wagon drives through the area! As punishment for your crimes, you will forward some of your Colombian drug funds as tribute to my good friends working at Google+ to restore the Third Reich to its former glory.
Hey kripp, do you remember when you consistently got 10-12 wins all the time? what happened to that? you sersiouly got terrible at this game, and you should feel bad, day in and day out you see more and more people leaving your stream and only stay for the spam, not for your gameplay anymore, its actually disgusting, eddy pasterino would not be proud
trick ever since i have watch ur steam i have started to act like a man in solo que, I play the gofyr and dry hump every person i kill. You are my teacher and i will always remember what you taught me. BM never GL. I have already received 2 24 hour bans from LOL but i dont care.
people who say good vaynes dont have trouble against cait have never played a cait that knows what she is doing. that is what shitty washed up wanna be doubellift vayne dummies say. yummy how bout you stop giving out shitty advice and stick to banning people, like me for example. you *** face. get rekt. ban me mlady
Wot the fok did ye just say 2 me m8? i dropped out of newcastle primary skool im the sickest bloke ull ever meet & ive nicked ova 300 chocolate globbernaughts frum tha corner shop. im trained in street fitin' & im the strongest foker in tha entire newcastle gym/
My name is Shane. I am a goblin from goblin Island. I like to do goblin things such as Dota 2 and shaving my head. I'm also a very good caster that brings a lot of contribution to the game. Thanks for listening
why do speedrunners waste their lives playing games they have already beaten by attempting to pseudo-master them? why dont they spend their time playing the multitude of other games (old or new) that exist? if i may be candor, anyone who speedruns games show signs of acute autism and frankly, i am displeased at the state of our modern society allowing this kind of behavior
Hello Fabby, how does it feel, to know that your famous, and tens of thousands of bronzies are now feeding as draven and losing elo because of you. Do you feel proud now you've litterly ruined the potentiol careers of bronze plebs. I hope you're happy
My name is Qreamie. I am a Qreamie from Qreamie Island. I like to do Qreamie things such as League of Legends and shaving my Qreamie. I'm also a very good Qreamie that brings a lot of contribution to the game. Thanks for listening, no copy qreamerino spammerino.
Zyori's hair is legendary and has been the home of 1064 bird families since 1995. I think everybody laughing at his hair should take a step back and realize the magnitude of his contribution to the Avian community. Most of you dont know how hard is it not to wash his hair and I for one thinks he deserves the nobel prize.
Wait a minute. I just spotted an inconsistency. Could this be the work of the CIA? Look closely... below the stream. "10,000 viewers". What the heck? There's only 7 million people in the world, how could there possibly be 10 million viewers right now?
"Kripp my son," say the Papparin, "you are such a large pepperoni, why aren't you a pizza." But the Kripp don't respond. He elopes to Greece and runs his hand through his unshaven face scruff and say "Well met!" to the twisted Succubus. Alone in his heart, Papparin commits sudoku at a Starbucks in San Bernardino with Al Pacino, no cappucino.
forgive english, i am Russia.i come to study clothing and fashion at American university. i am here little time and i am very hard stress. i am gay also and this very difficult for me, i am very religion person. i never act to be gay with other men before. but after i am in america 6 weeks i am my friend together he is gay also. He was show me American fashion and then we are kiss.
You guys are seriously so fucking annoying. This whole copy and paste shit was funny the first couple of months. It's just getting fucking old now. Seriously, grow the fuck up and how about we participate in constructive chatting. I hate every single one of you twat heads.
Thank you kripp. I am a father of a 5 year old who heard profanity on your stream. I believe someone had said the "N" word and now my child won't stop repeating it. Thank you, Mr. Morosan. I will hunt your Romanian ass and shut down your stream to save the children's ears. Get ready to rest in pepperonis "N" word.
I'm actually really genuinely confused as to why this chat copy pastes shit so much. What compels you idiots to just sit here pressing the ctrl v button all day and pretending you're funny. This shit isn't even remotely close to funny, you all have downs.
Hi there Michael :3This is your high school friend Catherine You still know me ? :3 Anyways, I was wondering if we could get back into touch again )))) I assume that $$$ you made from playing in LCS made your cock grow SOOOO HUUUGE :3
Fabby everyday I come to your stream, with my autographed Draven statue you signed for me. Then I precede to hail you throughout the day. I have quit my job, and now am supported by the goverment under religious sanctuary. Today I begin my hails, today, and forever.
Hello guys my name is jairtrash and I have 700 games and still in silver, I don't suck I can get diamond 1 easy, it's just that I get bad teams every time and I get so mad. Trick please help me these noobs are calling me bronze even though I have 700 games and still in silver.
The Prostitute asks the Kripp, "Why don't you make a D3 video?" Kripp flies into a rage and hits her with an ornate salt shaker yelling, "I'm going to kill that prosterino!" When the cops finally caught him, after the 2 hour shootout, Kripp lies bleeding on the ground and mutters weakly to the sky..."I played that perfectly, nothing I coulda done cough what a joke.."
Hello Kripparrian, this is Twitch Staff. We have noticed that you are trying to become a hardcore player again, since you broke the laws of physics and play 2 games on 1 stream, when the laws of physics clearly says: "How can there be 2 games, when only 1 channel?". We hope that you will stop this, and become a casual player again. Please don't repost this. Thank you.
Kripp... seriously? This grim dawn garbage is a complete snooze-fest... That game looks so terrible, and the graphics are practically worse than Diablo II. Ur hp doesn't even move down a sliver when you are fighting 10 minions at once and you 1-shot everything... what is the *** point? I could *** out a better game given a $500.00 budget and 2 weeks of development time
Stop it, guys. I'm Leifman's sister, and mother of our beautiful little daughter, Leifgirl. The spam and constant harassment in this chat is driving my beloved Leifman insane. Since he became moderator, he's spending all his time here, and can't provide for his family, anymore. Please, Leifman, get back to work in our salt plant, we need the money.
Dear Chat, in 1967 there was a little girl named morgana who wanted to become an ADC, She commited suicide after QT would not play, Now that you have seen this you must copy and paste 10 times or you too will commit suicide.
I am a muricunt born in america, the land of the fat and the free. I am proud of my awful education, horrible medical care, terrible society and religious gunwielding fanatics. With my natural 260 lbs, please stop talking trash about my mediocre country which is a collection of all the human scum EU and Asia dumped a few hundred years ago.
Hi Kripp. This is President Obama. If you could please calm down this chat's spam, all of America would greatly appreciate it. I understand you live in Greece, but America is better. Come back to us, and maybe you'll be able to spam as much as you want. P.S. Please stop being so casual. I've been such a fan for so long.
I used to have dreams where I was chasing mips around the basement when I was like 10 years old. I lived with the yellow rabit in the mario 64 basement. I had this recurring dreams like 10 times within a 2 year span if not more. What do you think of that. This isn't a joke LOL. I also had my pokemon i drew as a kid join me. Crystal Zapzillion and Flameflash
Hi, i am from America. The land of cheeseburgers and bacon. Im getting sick of all the europoors saying our country is bad. How could it be bad? God blessed america not europe. If you copy pasterino cappucino this message, i will call someone to get me out of my chair and make sure we nuke your country down. God bless america.
Hey Trick2g, boy our scouts sure were right when they said you were hot stuff and would be the next big sensation in the porn industry. My name is Lisa Ann but you may know me best as MILF of the Century or BigTittiesMcgee. I would like to get to know you better because I think you have the potential to reach superstar porn status. All of twitch seems to follow your gigantic donger almost like a cult, and I would like to see your giant dong for myself
Hey you poor, underaged trash. You know what the symbol next to my name means? Means I am sub. Means im VIP. Means I got cash. What you got? You got sh!t. You poor non-sub trash ought to pay me and my sub-bros some respect. We subbed because we have cash. Real life jobs, real life credit cards. Sh!t that you underaged poor trash from third world countries dont have.
Sing this is your Mother. After seeing you be violated in that disgusting match in TI4 your father I have decided to send you back to China to work on your Uncles (suk ma dek)potato farm and to marry your beautiful cousin Chun-Li. I'm sorry sing but DOTA just isn't for you.NO COPER PASTA PlzE
Hey everyone! Google employee here. Looks like you guys are having a good time GreyFace. Just a friendly reminder to link your Google+ account and avoid streaming any copyrighted material. Game on!
There was once a Magnus. The weight of the world was on his shoulders. He heard the words of his commander in his ears: "No pressure. All we need is a 5 man RP." The magnus stood with his horn held high. He knew it was his time. This was his day. Blink at the ready, finger on R, he called out to his comrades, "Affirmative." Such is the legend of Bangfish.
"Minus one!" said singsing but soon the appearance of a farmed bounty hunter brought an end to all of this, gondar quickly chased him and soon the ennemy team managed to pin him down, despite the healing brought by his ultimate he still died the same way poor jews died because nazi mods
Sing this is your uncle Lon Ting, I see the sadness in your viewers bible thumbs and I want you to forgive them. Remember what confucious always say "forgive streamarinos like noodles". Follow his words, young man, and you will do well. I hope you do. Please viewers, do not copy and paste this, this message is only for SingSing
Sing please, i'm dying soon. I came into stream just to hear you saying EZ KATKA one last time. Please Make my dying wish come true singuuuu ! No Copy Pasterino please..
Singsing this is your wife Suk Deek. After seeing you get violated at TI4 I am ashamed to be your wife. So I go to your brother SongSong's potato farm and fuck him and I am pregnant with SongSong's child. This message is for singsing only no copy pasterino please.
10 years of dragon fite. I watch trough various deaths trying to spam strats but he always manages to feed. I stare at the screen for hours and try to cheer the lord. The ragequit is near. I then spam more strats and cry myself to sleep
When the battle begins run to the back of the ancient dragon and stand in between the big big toes (talons?) of one of his back legs. If you are standing in in the right spot, he will only ever use the stomp attack. As soon as he begins to telegraph the stomp attack, immediately run over to the big toes of his other back leg. rinse and repeat until he falls.
Hi there, i am dragon, there is an annoying little asian grill who keeps trying to chop off my tail. it has been 10 years and it is behinning to get annoying. if you guys could get him to stop this madness and play dota it would be greatly appreciated. no copy pasterino cappucino danny devito
This chat is full of mentally retarded children, its like they all have one less chromosone and rub their faces against their keyboards hoping for attention, god only knows how they even press ctrl+ v, I swear to god none of you motherfuckers better copy and paste this or you'll be in serious trouble
HEY QT, I met you last saturday and asked again if I can be the official Team Dignitas towel boy and you turned it down. That feeling was worse than my gf breaking up with me and telling me she became a lesbian.
You guys are ruining my twitch chat experience. I come to the twitch chat for mature conversation about the gameplay, only to be awarded with kreygasms. People who spam said faces need medical attention utmost. The twitch chat is serious business, and the mods should really raise their dongers.
Once upon a time, I opened a LoL game. I entered the game, and I was promptly greeted by another player. I noticed it was a female player and I was pleasantly surprised. I told her of my great love for the female anatomy, particularly the breasts and the backside. To my surprise, she told me she also enjoyed these things. It was then that I realised, I was playing League of Lesbians.....
[Dear Sing_sing, you have been caught playing music on your stream. As a result of this, we are now permanently banning your account. Have a nice day, Google+ Support Team]
Hello everyone, this is the Google Admin here to remind you all that while we love the chat experience, please refrain from copy pasting in the chat. This ruins the atmosphere and makes everybody's chat experience worse overall. Thank you and remember to link your Twitch and Google+ account today!
Hello, is this "@Trick2g "? My son just got back from elementary school and keeps saying "lata" this and "the gates" that. He even told me how he wants to be a professional gate opener to all the asian hunnies. Please do twitch chat a favor and open the gates in Dota 2. PLease no Kapparino pastarino
JESUS KRIPP Just play path of exile for *** SAKE! This is your final *** warning from Australia because over here we dont tolerate that casual stone ***! GET ON WITH POE KRIPP! DROP THIS CARD ***!
I for one am glad submode is on. I pay $4.99 USD a month to watch the living legend, Michael "iamacutepie" Santana, and I feel my experience is ruined with "dinger" spam, whatever that means.
Sometimes, late at night when I am under my covers, I touch my stealth boner and think of the greatest hearthstone player, the very best there ever was. Then, one night, I heard, "hello, this is Brian 'Brian Kibler' Kibler...
I feel sorry for the broadcaster he looks at chat and all he sees is SPAM it must be so heartbreaking for him he doesn't even get to interact with his VIEWERS like a normal streamer. I bet he makes a new account called Ghostkaizer to try and get away from all of this.
Kripp all you do is complain about how your hand sucks but you dont think about the people that are born without hands. that is a discrace and you shouldn't be making fun of those *** in the hospital. Maybe next time you will use your nogin and actually say something that benefit these people.
My girlfriend was on the verge of leaving me. Who would want to be with a 2 inch bronze V feeder? But once I subbed to QTPIE I saw immediate results. My schnitzel is now 10 inches SOFT and I'm rocking diamond 1 with the boys. Thanks QT
Hello OddOne, my name is Gustavian. I had dreams and ambitions, of becoming a professional 1v1 player. I picked this game up yesterday, with hopes and dreams. But you picked a fucking stupid op noob champ, and i lost my 2 bucks because of you. Now i have to stay at my aunts house in Nigeria, because i cant take the train home to Uganda.
Hello pie i from uganda i one day to be pro adc play like you i sell wife for rp and now i can do urgot i play very good and team do bad can you help no copy pasta pls
Orc archer diary 30/9/14 Dear diary, this is the 200th time i have killed this right annoying fucker but he just keeps coming back I have been promoted so many times I am now supreme orc ruler of the universe, I'm not sure how high the ranks go but this guy is clearly eager to find out
qtpie i know things are hard now with being excommunicated from the roman catholic church and all but listen to me. You're going to be okay and make it through this friend. good luck and god.... nvm just bless you...
Hey Michael it's me Scarra. I've made a huge mistake, I quit dignitas to start a life of crime, but I've already been arrested for attacking a rival gang member with a cheeseburger. Please bail me out..
Hi Michael, it's the ghost of Abraham Lincoln here, 16th president of the USA. Just wondering if you can let me see your minimap. I realize you don't like "ghosting" but maybe you can make an exception for me. Sorry for spooking you.
Dear Qtpie. This is the Queen of England. I am revoking your knighthood due to your refusal to play Sion. Furthermore, keeping any gate is henceforth considered an act of high treason. Your insolence stops here foul knave
Mr. Santana this is Dr. Blumgold I have just subscribed to inform you that your Twitch Subscribers have been contracting the deadly virus known as "The Bola" if you dont stop missing Sion ult The United States of America will be infected by Christmas. Pls dont copy pasterino not a joke..
Hello, i come to seek help. I am interested in trying to discover a way to produce eggs much like a chicken does. i have tested inserting the egg into myself and hoping it will act like a seed and grow like a tree in my belly but so far it has not been successful. Please help i struggle to sleep at night without an answer.
The casters need to stop asking "who he?" Not only is it grammatically incorrect, but it is impolite to not focus on the gameplay of the players. Either tell us who he is or stop asking the question! Pls no copy pasterino.
Hey, kripp! What's up, man? It's Jeff from Psychology 100 last semester. I didn't know you were some kind of internet superstar hahahaha. Hit me up, man. Btw, did you ever hook up with Ashley? She was a big girl hahah. You are such a dog. It's so cool to see you again. You have my numbah. Just hit me up, man.
I sexually Identify as an Attack Helicopter. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being a helicopter is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades, 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me "Apache" and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can't accept me you're a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
Hi Michael it's Jarl Balgruuf the Greater. I heard you are trying to play other games when we need you here at Skyrim to clean up the dragons. Quit what you are doing right now and come join me as the new Whiterun Thane. My axe is ready as your reward.
Hello viewers this is Twich manager Stiffy McShitterton. Im glad you all enjoy the new Theater mode. As with a normal theater there is a quite section in the back where you can give eachother handjobs without alerting other viewers. Thanks and ME ME on.
One day, I walked into the LCS studios - a happy and eager fan. I saw Eugene "Pobelter" Park smashing Eefje "Sjokz" Deporteres on the ANALyst desk. I didn't know what to do, I panicked and let out a shriek, Eugene looked at me and said, "Better keep your mouth shut kid," he then took a puff of the blunt and kept destroying the European cooch.
Guys please stop spamming. My dog, Bernard, looked at my chat and got so dizzy because of the spam that he fell down and hit his noggin right on his food bowl! He couldn't talk for hours. Please stop spamming, for Bernard.
Dear Mr. Pie, I am from the NAAUP (National Association for the Advancement of Urgot Players) and myself and my organization has taken a notice to you never playing Urgot. We feel this is highly discriminatory and would ask that you rectify this by playing Urgot immediately. Thank you.
I cannot quite bring myself to read all of the comments in this toxic chat. There are too many fanboys in my presence and I will have you all apprehended by the city of NYPD and QTPD. If you do not stop being little fanboys I will personally find you and ask you nicely because I feel that QT should not be subjected to such fanboy mentalities such as yours. You all need to sit back and think about why you are reading this.
Why does anyone watch this guys stream? Its just a middle aged man complaining about an online card game. Its not even interesting either? please.. dont copy and paste this. its serious..he has 20k + viewers almost constantly
wow, i log on to twitch tv to chat with people and to watch a good streamer, then you guys fking spam this chat with your dumb kappas and dumb sht memes that are not even close to funny. i dont even giggle from your shtty jokes. fk you and if you fking copy this message im reporting each one of you. you all think your fking funny
Hello Bulldong this is AmazingKids.org we would love to use your stream in a commercial it's great to see a bunch of autistic kids achieving their dreams
sniff my balls. sniff my balls. sniff my balls. sniff sniff. my balls smell like raspberry cake with kappa cream on a bowl of pepperinos. sniff sniff.
The room is quiet as RTZ studies. After finishing a section, Artour decides to take a break, settling on Aui's stream. Arteezy pulls out his dong and tries to get off, but to no avail. "My boy is sad without a midas," Artour sighs. Just as he is about to put little Artour away, EE comes out of the closet. EE is in full morphling cosplay with schnitzel in hand. RTZ looks at EE's schnitzel and notices the hand has a golden shine. "M-M-Midas!" Artour shouts as he and EE cum all over each other
Sometimes, late at night when I am under my covers, I touch my stealth boner and think of the greatest hearthstone player, the very best there ever was. Then, one night, I heard, "hello, this is Brian 'Brian Kibler' Kibler...""
hi my name pepito i watch alex ichikakov and genja007 27/4 pls no copy pasterino sorry for bad englando yes
hellerooni my name is Kabush and i cum from middle lane of rusia. i sell my pet bear for komputer and am trying to learn the way of the unibrow and be lik genja. Pls no copy pasteroni very personel mesage.
Hi Alex I am a 34 year old vietnam vet and I only play with my toes I appreciate you stream for helping me reach my goal of bronze 3 thanks a bunch much love from iceland Please dont copy past
people who critic Alex Ich for evolved on Kha Zix : He know what do. It a pro player who play one best team in Orphanage. So just respect that pls i not "fanboy", just like respect. My parent Die when I am little and I just want to give alex the respect. I am monkey. Please no coperino pasterino
hallo alex, im veri fan of yu. sowry for bad englandino tho mi no murican. i think yu r the goodest midolane eu and u inspirer me to keepa climbin the ladder. so cause of u i masteried khazix(10 perceint win reit) pleyin 18hr/day and i climb to bronze IV in this hards 2 years playin the game. thanks for reedin my stowry. god blesserino yu my frend.
hello alexbich my name brosti am albanian from albania i love to like your stream everyday i watch for quite time to become learner of league and legends to nbecome professional amateur playing my father loss all cows so am now need to support family (no wards hehe) sorry for bad not so good englis hehe jus want slow my appreciate for your strean, please dont mock and copy pastel this
Hai mi nem is Yao Chan Chu i come from china and i need to bcome challenger at league legends or my dad and mom beat me with belt everyday. Now i am in silver 5 and stuck plis alex ich my frend helps me get challenger so me parents stop beat me plis. Sry for bad england i try best and plis no ditto is only my lyfe.
Guiz I am currently training to become the worlds best carrot... I watch Snoopeh's stream when I grow in my soil but to fully achieve my dream I need some moar donations from the republic of Congo. Pls help me achieve my dream. Pls no copy pasterino dongerino
Godz could you please try to be a little more professional? There are young children watching this stream, stop treating it like a college kid at a frat party, show some respect for the ESPORTS scene. I want my children to be able to watch and enjoy quality Path of exiles. Completely unacceptable. Reported, enjoy your Twitch ban
Hello, am 43 year man from somalia. Sorry for my bed england. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "exile path" and i want to become the goodest player like you. I play with 400 ping from brazil and i am play normal. Yu have goodest tips for me play good like you??, pls no copy pasta my story
Imagine this porn: "Porn of Exile" Kripp walks with a hobo brown poncho and a staff on his hands. He gets in front of a sexy Piety and says: "I'm going to discharge on your face". Of course, the soundtrack would be Wilderness from D2.
HI FORSEN, ITS YOUR FRIEND TRUMP HERE. I NOTICE THAT YOU ARE NOT ABLE TO GET LEGENDARY ON HEARTHSTONE. I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW THAT FOR A LITTLE FEE OF $4.99 PER MONTH, YOU COULD LEARN TO BE GOOD AT HEARTHSTONE LIKE ME
Don't forget. As Kaceytron once said... Forsen is a 19 year old Russian fanboy that has obvious drug and alcohol problems. Let's all share this message to let people be aware of the danger of being a roleplaying streamer. 1 Kappa = 1 Prayer.
Hello zfg my nem is Yakov and from Serbia, every day I walk 17 hours in snow and bad wether to nearest magic apple box to watch your strem. i wan say thank for your strem and leting us who are poor in world an cant grow many potato to have coin to watch play cool gaems. Sorry for not propeller english, much love, yakov speshlov, age 11.
You know ZFG, I think it's time you went back to your roots. I'm talking about OoT 100%. Look what happened when you switched to Twilight Princess. GG stopped streaming, and Ennopp went to OoT. What happened man? Also, you got that cough. Don't try to hide it that youre taking hits from the bong, we all know you're sick from withdrawal. ZFG, it's time...It's ocarina of time. Do 100%. Thanks ZFG
Dear Zelda Fan Girl: Please do not allow these Hoodlums to make a mockery of your chat. Copypasta, like glitching, is cheating, and no self-respecting Zelda chat should allow it.
Cmon, zfg.. I thought you were better than that. Glitching the game to the point of no return? Whats wrong with you? Every time you break the game a shigeru miyamoto cries. You are clearly a Pessimist and a Terrible person overall, If i see ever you streaming again, i swear to god i will Sub to your arch nemesis, CosmoWright. I will do anything to Support those against you, so watch your back.
ZFG packed a bag with his nintendo 64, OoT, and his lucky mashing spoon before setting out on his journey on his majestic steed, Epona (that's the name he gave to his bicycle.) He rode to the end of his driveway and fell over on his bike. "Oh my god." He said as he reset. This repeated for the next few hours because he wanted green splits for the beginning of his adventure.
ZFG doesn't cough because he's sick, he coughs because he's actually an astral being that a warlock placed into a speedrunner's body. Whenever he coughs the being is trying to escape back to his astral dimension
his name is zfg and he looks so good he always got a bitch all on his wood speedrunslive yeah thats his hood getting that run just like he should dampe why you a little shit give me that heartpiece first try bitch rng rng please be nice to me please dont ruin this run for me I need the world record fuck a pb now hookshot your bitch over this way I will superslide into her pants while I get paid twitchbux raining that she stay screaming my name
evening Mister Burnedgoat. I'm writing you this letter today because I believe I'm a victim of mistaken identity. I was watching ZFG's lovely stream and participating in the intellectual chat. Unfortunately, just as I was about to compliment ZFG on his awesome dedication, I realized my message had not been sent because I had been banned from his chat. This realization of the ban resonated throughout my soul and I wept terribly.
Hey chat, hey ZFG...Reggie from Nintendo here. I'm glad to see that you are enjoying one of our finer games, Ocarina of Time, but I'm going to have to ask you to refrain from breaking it like you are. You are NOT playing it the way we wanted you to, and you are having a lot less fun than you could. Please consider or your body won't be ready for the Nintendo Lawyers. Thank you Mr.Glitcha, and Game on! - Regginator
zfg, I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down, u shameful motherfucker. I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in Antartica; home of the greatest walruses. A week ago, I was having sex with my dog when it turned around and bit me. i've realized this, and it's so liberating. Great job stiv. I am rooting for you always! You should be proud. Remember that the Bible condemns homosexuality
ZFG I appreciate you. You come on Twitch every day and do what you love, all while ignoring the chat trolls. You've proven to me that you are the bigger donger in this world full of raising. When you get the world record, I want you to know that I will be naming my first born child after you. "ZFGirl" or "ZFGuy". You're invited to his or her first birthday as well. I hope you can make it!
DD rune picked up, Ferrari on the back foot, Puppey is doing it, left right & center, making things happen, Ferrari has the Phase Shift, he's gotta use it soon, he will, WEOW!
ZFG, just stop the run. I can't stand to see you like this. It's clear your heart is not in it. Just go back to 100% please. It's your true calling and you seem so much more passionate about it.
ZFG this is your dad here. I just wanted to say how proud of you I am son, always hiding in your room playing your video games, talking to your internet friends. Your mom and I think that's swell and we just wanted to let you know we love you. As you kids say, pls no copy dadderino
Hi imaqtpie. This is Gabe Newell. I've noticed you havent opened any crates in Counterstrike: Global Offense lately. Are you alright? I hope all is going well. I have added 300 Phoenix crates to your account so you can open them when you get better.
So there is this girl on runescape that I want to have a runescape wedding. I proposed to her after i slayed a moss giant and saved her life. (I actually met her when she was lighting willow logs at draynor village, let's just say she also lit the fire in my heart the location will be at Varrock Altar December 20th at 1:00pm-2:00PM
Once lived a maiden with unmatched beauty, flowing black hair, her name was Qty. She took care of an orphan, just a young KID, i decided i would still go for it. Took her out on a date and we ended in bed, now this is the point where the story turns sad. I expected nice boobies but couldn't be wronger, the girl was a boy with a 20inch DONGER
everytime kiwi lands a hook i pull a pube, i have 3 coffee tins full of pubes, most of them are sizeable in length but a few are a little greasy. they are soft and delicate and will go good in the custom pokemon blanket i am making for kiwi.
dear kiwi, i ganked for you but you still ain't culling. i left my jungle, my buffs and my top gank just for bottom. i sent two warning pings at dragon but you must nota got 'em, there probably was a problem with server lag or something. sometimes i aim light bindings too sloppy when i toss 'em. but anyways, fuck it, what's been up man, hows patricia?
lol haven't played in months. come on a stream and same exact champs that were used every game are being used 120 champs. 20 used. no wonder failed sc2 players get on this
hello my name is Carlos i from Turkmenistan. I watch master fabbyy stream everytiem. i have no arm or leg so i playing with my huge dong. I quit my job at the teemo mushroom factori to becom pro player. I go from bronze IV to gold IX in six monts. pls no banerino cappuchino mai stori. sori for bad englando, i nno understand veri good pasterino
hi Fabbbyyy I'm the manager of a league of legends team. We are basically bronze players. We just received a silver player which we are pretty excited about it and we need someone to duo top with him. Please Fabbbyyy join our team! please don't copy paste it's a serious matter.
Fabbbyyy! I just quit my job at the dildo factory because my boss was a waifu. Now I'm going to become a banana. Not any banana, but the best banana in the world. Even if no one believes in me, I dyed myself in yellow already and tomorrow I'm getting potassium injections. I will show the world I can be the best banana ever. Thank you Fabbbyyy you've inspired me to follow my dreams
Dear Fabbbyyy, I have been watching you for some time now. You are an amazing person and a unbelieveable player, you play vayne and draven like a god and get all des pentas. I want you to have my kids, please marry me or forever regret your chosen life. Pls no copy pasterino.
Hello Fabby, how does it feel, to know that your famous, and tens of thousands of bronzies are now feeding as draven and losing elo because of you. Do you feel proud now you've litterly ruined the potentiol careers of bronze plebs. I hope you're happy
Fabby everyday I come to your stream, with my autographed Draven statue you signed for me. Then I precede to hail you throughout the day. I have quit my job, and now am supported by the goverment under religious sanctuary. Today I begin my hails, today, and forever.
Yesterday we lost a good man. I'm of course talking about Paul "Scarra" Walker. He was on his way home from raising his dongers when a drunk driver named Marcus "Dyrone" Hill crashed into him. Dyrone has now been placed into custody.
Every 70 seconds Hao misses a chronosphere. Together we can stop this. Spread the word.
I play Heroes of the Storm, what's this game and lol are you talking about?
Hey Stiv, I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down. I wanted to say congrats! I know you can do a little better but I always want to tip my hat off to you. Through thick and thin I will still be here to always support you. I know times are hard, but you always come back with a good attitude. I wish you the very best on your next runs, and hope you get an even better score. I will continue to be here and find new strats as always. Great job Stiv. I am rooting for you always! You should be proud.
dota changed my life. i was an orphan until i met someone online who eventually adopted me when i scrimmed him 1 v 1 with riki. Mad love for dota, thank you for changing my life. PLEASE NO COPY PASTERINO
/me Hello everyone this is the TWITCH admin responsable for all forms of Kappa. Due to high KPM our Kappa servers are overloaded. I would like to ask all of you to test if their Kappa is working. Simply type in Grayface (capital F). Thank you!
Hey guys! I'm from Peru my mom sold all our palomas to pay my doto carrera , now i moved to br and im so happy i feel so pro with my 2.3 k mmr. Starladder here i come! But guys pls no copy pasterino capuccino palomino cancerino
Ello my name Carlos. I from mexico i hev meny children but use all my money to pay for internet cofi so i play doto. I wont to be pro like Dendi and hev money to feed family. Please help mr. sing sing. Pliz dond copy my stori
Hello, my name is Saad Armin, sorry for english, I'm Indian. I selled my wife so I can play Dota. I have already 2800mmr solo and want one day to be professional like Dendi and play at a good team how Alliance. Please help to reach my goals Sing Sing. No copy paste this is real history.
Can you fuckers PLEASE stop spamming the chat, I come home after a long day at work cleaning the SHIT out old peoples BUTTHOLES to watch some relaxing dota, and what do you do? do nothing but spam the chat. Does that make you happy? ruining the chat experience for everyone. THANK YOU. PLEASE NO COPY PASTERINO
Herro i am Li Wangchang, i gro up in china wher i wurk 2 gro rice. sry fo bad engrish i no speaky engrish. une dy fata say "u nu gru rices u gu2city n u gu pwy pufesuino doto" su den i gu pwey pwefusuionl doto leik fartr sai n i get rekt bai sum fagt naem dondo. plz nu copy pasterino dis is lif stury
Hello my name is Kevin Godec Purgerino Cappacino, my father raised me on a small cotton farm in Alabama. He bought me potato computer for my 18th birthday so i can become #1 youtuber but instead i sold my potato to move to Korea to become 6k mmr pro like Dondo. I may have lost TI4 qualifiers but i plan to move to South Africa for TI5.
SingSing, this is your Doctor, Edward Pastarino MD. I am sorry to tell you your test results are in and the shady backroom tattoo you got in Hong Kong gave you Full Blown AIDS. Its not all over; AIDS isnt the death sentence it once was. No Sudoku plz. Srs business pls no copy pastarino resultarino vaccineo
I don't get it guys, what is it about being a mod of Twitch chat that compels people to join the National Socialist party? I just don't understand, I mean there's nothing overtly obvious about Twitch modship that makes you want to support the second coming of the Third Reich, but somehow the two go hand in hand. I mean, for starters I don't even know any German or Austrian Twitch mods, but they're somehow all fanatical National Socialists. Just baffles me is all.
'Sheever must be interviewing one of the Cloud 9 players.' she thought, as she swapped the clipboard to her left hand, and grabbed the door handle to the C9 player room. She went on tippie-toes and peered in through the small window in the door. Inside she had a full view of Singsing thrusting repeatedly into Sheever, who was on her hands an knees, her breasts swinging back and forth, colliding with her chest with a slap. Sheever was moaning loudly, her moans slowly escalating into shouts. Singsing grabbed a fistfull of sheevers hair and pulled hard, Sheever's head snapping up.
Guys stop posting ResidentSleeper face. Not many know, but that ResidentSleeper guy actually died while streaming Resident Evil. People just assumed that was sleeping, but he died of dehydration. Please respect the dead and stop posting this morbid image ResidentSleeper
What a garbage chat. It's like nobody even cares about anything but dumb copypastas and "dongers" here. You're all a bunch of 9gag tier memelords that haven't recognized how cancerous you are yet. I'm disappointed, apply yourselves...
I used to spread pasterino on tw.chat but then I got arrow on the knee. You should all stop copy / paste random texts which you find funny because you will too, eventualy, get an arrow on the knee. Just like I did. Do not laugh - this is a true story and my wooden leg proves it. Do not copy paste this text if you have any affection toward your knee.
The stream starts, and so my spam begins. It shall not end until i am banned. I shall fear no mod, sub to no streamer. I shall live and die in the Chat. For i am the value in the bomber. I am the BM in the lethal. I am the salt in the defeat. I pledge my keyboard to the Chat, for this stream and all the streams to come.
Konichiwa Guys, I just got done being banned for 275 seconds. This has made me reflect on my actions in this chat. Recently, I have been copypasting other users comments and spamming them into the chat. Honestly, I thought it would make me cool and people would like me on this stream more. See, I don't have many friends in real life. I love twitch because I can hang out and watch other people it's the closest human interaction I receive
HI there. I just got banned from chatting, and can I say it really opened my eyes to how serious the Nazi Mod's power has grown to disgusting levels in Sings chat. RyanEditor and Consural may aswell name themselves as Hitler and Stalin for all I know, as the S A D B O Y S have kappad there last for us twitch chaterino Orange JEWish will rise against you
Ben Wu, this is your mother. I don't like you wasting your time on the internet playing kids games. I want you to go back to china to become a kung fu master and cook frog noodles.
Hello Fnatic!, it seems that you guys are quite new to this whole Dota thing. If you are really serious about improving on your skills, I recommend you ask a very popular player called PurgeGamers to coach the team! You'd have to pay 50 dollars per hour, but I say it's well worth it!
When I see Aui_2000 playing Visage or Chen, my hand unconsciously moves to my Rod of Atos. As I gently caress my Rod, I become in-tune with Aui. I can feel my MMR rising just by observing his micro skills. As his micro intensifies, I start sweating and panting uncontrollably. I cannot contain my horny level much longer. After 35 excruciating minutes of holding it in, it finally happens; an in-game purchase of Rod of Atos by Aui_2000 himself. Overcome by ecstasy, I start shouting unintelligible things as my nipples explode with delight.
Hello everybody this is Purge and i coach you for $50/h , i play for Zephyr team, tier 1 team in Korea. Most games i get 10 min level 3 and always negative scores but our reality is that we can't beat tier 5 European teams, so hey money is easy here in Korea. No copy pasterino Please
Hi my name is Bob Pastarino, I am trapped in Winter's house, he is keeping me hostage. I am coughing furiously from my cold because I've been kept in his basement. Please help he forces me to watch Arteezy Play Invoker all day long. For love of god help me, I only have 322 hour left to live.
One day, i went to a japanese restaurant wanna find some decent food with my grillfriend , we had some problem with the menu and then i ask the Waiter what is the signature dish here , and she said " OUR SIGNATURE DISH IS SUSHI BY MUSHI" Please No KAPPA Pastarino , its my real life story , please show respect . .. . . . .
The bulldog rat (Rattus nativitatis) was a species of rat endemic to Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean. The rats lived on the higher hills and denser forests of the island. They had short tails and their backs were covered in a two centimetre thick layer of fat. They lived in small colonies, in burrows among the roots of trees or under hollow logs in primary forest. They were sluggish and never climbed and may have seemed half-dazed in daylight. The last record dates from 1903. They may have succumbed to a disease brought by black rats that had been inadvertently introduced by sailors.
Hi my name is Fernando Cumbazzo. I grew up in a small town in Belize. I work in a sweatshop that makes sweatpants for middle aged american women, but every day I hurry home to play DOTA. Dendi is my favorite player and I masturbate nightly to his picture. one day I hope to dream to become as good of a DOTA playSer as dondo. plz no copy pastariono al pacino
Hai my name is Pho King Yu and I from du Vietnam, My mum and dad eat pho and born me, they said dun u watch dote just make and eating that pho and one day u will help famry bisnes, but i dont like pho just want to be profesh like Dondo please eat my famry's pho so i have money to bye my own team maybe own that Naver and get Pubby to teach me how to Contro that black gai rider I beg for the pho god that you peepl no copy pasterino cappui..
Hello Diary, this is Clement again! My quest is progressing well, i have managed to decrease the number of viewers by 20% in less than 24 hours. Capitalist & LD promised me to pay 25.000 $ if i can reduce the viewers number to 5 thousand. I hope i manage to do so. Matt is helping me, although he doesn't know about the money. He was promiced 5 Happy Meal menus. These numbnuts over here don't suspect a thing. They keep feeding, paying and entertainning me. They even offered me Sheever's sweet pussy just to come over. I really hope i'll finnish my mission and get paid. Finally i can leave that fucking Na'Vi shit and that fucking feeder XBOCT. I could finally live to my dream and open a barber shop in Ljubljana.
My Name is Jacky Mao Also Known as EternalEnvy and I am a creepy guy. Some evening I was walking home and saw Arteezy kiss a girl. She was crying for help. When the girl saw me she started to hide behind Arteezy back...
Yes, Arteezy's better looking than me and younger, he definitely has better farm skills than me and has more swag and more universally preferable personality BUT after seeing that pic below the waist I must say this, and not to brag: he's losing to me there. Females, this guy may be better than me in every way, but lower, I must say he would lose against me in that department. Not just with size, but 100% of everything. Most females, if blindly choosing a man based on genitals, would DEFINITELY pick me over him. I can say this with 100% certainty: he is small, flacid, and not as aesthetically pleasing as me. He wins the pretty boy awards, but he can't win the real "prizefighter." so ladies know that there's no one better in that department than me, FearDarkness.
Arteezy if you're here right now reading this I want you to know I dream of you. Sometimes I sit alone in my bathroom with the light off and pretend to be you. I'll say things like "'we lost boys" and pretend to bottle crow, and for a brief moment I feel you inside me...
i think Arteezy have insanely good micro and he is having huge impact on a games he playing if his teammates giving him space . I believe if Arteezy going to focus hard on improving and respecting his enemies he will be for sure one of the best players in future . Only thing he lack right now in my opinion - is experience . But this is not a problem and will come in some time . As a player i like him a lot . But the music on his stream is horrible !
Arteezy, why are you so cruel to your girlfriend. Didn't you just see EE-sama talking to you, asking you to unmute mumble so you can play the game together? It makes me sick that girrls go after jerks like you, and not nice guys like me.
I owe my life to Arteezy. I got in a horrible car crash and i was in 6 month coma. The nurse switched to the Twitch channel to Arteezy's stream. I awoke from my coma and muted it.
It's happening, my nipples are hard, i gently take my schnitzel out
of my pants while i watch Arteezy go mid and build a Midas. 40 minutes have passed, Arteezy keeps farming non-stop making max
usage of the precious midas, he's the top farmer, i start speeding up fapping gradually. Rtz now 6
sloted. Finally he goes fight 1v5. Enemies starts to go down...
one kill, double kill, ultra, RAMPAGE, boy juice starts pumping up my schnitzel while arteezy
all chats about his rampage and ixmike congratulates him with a "grats".
Arteezy sat in a dark room. The words "Dire Victory" filled up the screen. Not even Arteezy's shadow fiend could win this game. 3/8/7 378 GPM. Tears filled Arteezy's eyes as he carassed his hand of midas. The sound of hard core gangster rap and crying filled the room. The door creaks open and EE-sama enters the room. "You lost Artour." "You do know what happens when you lose." Arteezy removed his clothes, wearing only one of EE's anime wigs. EE removed his clothes, "You lost 23 MM. Thats how many hours your punishment will be." Arteezy spent the next 23 hours being furiously fucked by his mentor. After the punishment the semen covered Arteezy arised. "Thank you master, I can't wait to return the favor when you lose." Envy smiled. "So will I Artour."
Last night I had a dream that whenever I typed something in Forsen's channel, everyone copied and pasted it, and then Forsen got really mad at me for starting spam. After that he banned me and I felt really bad for it, so my only option to apologize to him was to suck his sweadish meatballs. Sorry Forskin!
Hey raynad im a 11 year old boy named Dan and i watched your stream. My mom walked in on my watching you and she saw you drinking the beers. She beat me with a shoe and made me sleep outside in the dog house becsuse of you
Hi Bjergsen I am from Brazil and just like many brazilians, I am gay, and I would really like to have a bed time with you and listen to your cutie voice and perhaps do some coitus and engage and marry eachother. Our wedding would be in some favela of Rio de Janeiro. What do you think????????????
iam a 7 year old boy with a cannabis addiction, iam in rehab and i only have lol streams for entertainment, i wish to be the best mordekaiser in ze world, can u teach me bjerg? This is my story dont copy paste plz
hi im greek... as you probably guessed in m name.. plz have respect for this comment and read on.. if ou don't like it plz dont hate. My economy is not going well and effing Germans are trying to take over so I need help. Bjerg promised for every subscriber 0.0000199 % money would go towards me. Thank you for my message and plz subscribe bjerg... he is the best and better ( not german even better!)
I only get to have sex when LD is casting. My girlfriends hears the ACCURATE FACTS and gets so turned on she has sex with the nearest human - luckily it's normally me. Thank you LD!
Every morning, I wake up only to watch Kripp play Hearthstone arena. I decide to subscribe to Kripp, join the '5-dollar club', to be part of Kripp himself. 'Welcome', Kripp exclaims, 'to the 5-dollar club!'. He gives the stream a brofist. I feel Kripp fisting me through the stream. A silent tear of joy escapes my eye
Every morning, I wake up only to watch Kaceytron play League of Legions. I decide to subscribe to Kaceytron, join the 'Church of Kaceytron', I accept Kaceytron as my Lord and personal savior. 'Oh wow', Kaceytron exclaims, 'thank you for subscribing and accepting the love of Kaceytron into your heart!'. She gives the stream a finger dance. I feel Kaceytron fingering me through the stream. A silent tear of joy escapes my eye
Once lived a maiden with unmatched beauty, flowing black hair, her name was Kaceytron. She took care of an orphan, just a young CatCam, i decided i would still go for it. Took her out on a date and we ended in bed, now this is the point where the story turns sad. I expected nice boobies but couldn't be wronger, the girl was a boy with a 20inch DONGER
I have a cancer.. Show me your boobs pliz.. I really need to see that.. You know i will die soon.. PLiz give me the chance my last boobies.. I can see or touch if you want
reynad, everytime I watch you I start sweating, I believe this is because you have the power to harvest salt through my pores even through the internet, can you please stop making me sweat for more salt?
Hello Michael, this is your mother. I write here to inform you that your father and I do not approve of your timewaste playing childrens game for the internet. Therefor we are sending you to India to marry your beautiful cousin Venkatanarasimharajuvaripeta and work as a train conductor..
Lxthul now that you'll start winning tournaments without having the added stress of having to get kills for not only yourself but also aPG every event, I think it's only fair that you kickstart his Porn career with all the money you'll be raking in. Remember TJ he was with you at your worst then you left him at your best. It's only fair man.
helo fabby i am hablo espaneo i come from mexican i am liking your curse videos. after i am watching your streaming video i am strong enough to shoot father hablo with crossing bow. learning tumble and fight dragon. i now in jail watching stream with dyrus on big tv. no copy pasterino macachino banerinio spamino. thank u
Hey Dyrus, while we're on the subject of feeling sick, My aids and Kidney stones are doing slightly better, thanks for asking -_-. Ever since you ruined my ITTech scholarship, I have not been able to pay my medical bills, and very soon will die. Please take your shirt off as My death wish.
Hola!! Me reyinald I work as big boss monkey for teem solo midlane. mi amigos es dyros he make big anger of me i call him rude chico beecuz i say u apollogize or u leave team house and work in potato factory mi other amigo es wildgato i make hem feel very sad becuz i tel u stop get catch in teemfiyt or u leave house and work for me as donkey wagon. also me amigo es xpecial i say u win bot or i use u hair for make new eyebrows for mi face. Pls no copy babuunino
Hello i am minon, my vater is an superminion like dyres, i want to become an superminion like him to, please no dongerino caparino pastarino my story is my leif
THIS CHAT IS LITERALLY THE WORST THING EVER MADE. I MEAN INSTEAD OF HAVING A PRODUCTIVE CONVERSATION ON AWESOME THINGS LIKE PHILOSOPHY AND OTHER AWESOME THINGS LIKE JAZZ YOU GUYS ARE JUST SPAMMING THE SAME THING OVER AND OVER AGAIN. LIKE SERIOUSLY GUYS GET A LIFE.
Hello Reynad, this is your Mother. I heard earlier that you are going out with this new boy. I am very concerned. I dont like that Bro-Fister Kripp and I dont think you should hang out with him anymore. Whatever happened to that Tides boy? He had the nicest smile. Please copy paste this message so that my daughter can see this. -.--.-"
Hi guys, my name Udami Bolango frum somalia. I am walking 4 hour to watch this profeshunal player for GTA V. I want show my support for good plays because I learning to show my family. Sorry for bed englando and please no copy pasterina my story.
Ola io intenor habler espaniol, io kero muxo Xpeko, io estudio espaniol para habler con Espeke io aprendiero espaniolo porfavoro Espeke contestoro me porfavoro io comeri jamone para parezco espaniolo, comero paella rico paella para espaniolo, porofavoro no copio pegariono, perdono pore malo espaniola Kappa Kappa
What the fuck is this Twitch and Beyond the Summit? I've come here to watch some amazing Trench (tm) tier dota action with my 2 least watched teams VG () and HGT (). But instead I'm being presented with a slideshow of the game. You are ruining my life. Please castrate kpoptosis. No Copy godzarino por favorino.
I worked 12 hours today serving fat asses at McDonalds. I come back home to bring food to my ungrateful wife and my 2 autistic children. I just want to relax a little while by watching a game of Dota 2 between EESAMA and Joe Burden and what do I get? Lazy casters who call themselves professional but can't even get a stream going. This Beyond The Schedule is a god damn disgrace to esports. Please no copy pasterino dongerino frappucino ronaldinho
"Sheever, ravage!" Singsing shouts, infuriated at yet another of Sheever's antics. Sheever upon hearing this retreats to her room, tears streaming down her cheeks.Singsing doesn't notice until hours later, after losing to pubs for the third time in a row and switching off his stream.He finds Sheever in a ball on her bed, tear marks on the sheets and her eyes red and swollen. "What's wrong, Sheever-chan?" Singsing asks."You.. you yelled at me!
hi mi name is regi i live from canada i walk 200 miles to get to computer in alaska to play lgend league because iwant be pro player like qqpie and cumshotgg pls no coffee papapino dunkacino pasterino
Arteezy. Artour Babaevsky, you sexy sexy beast. You are a hope, a dream, an inspiration
and insignia of love. When I came into this chat, I expected a lousy channel
with the worst fucking chat and boring games. But you won me with the Korean
cries from your DotA client, the endearing copy pasterino in this chatroom,
your hairdo and sheer power of LOVE all around. God bless you, Artour. You
bring a chivalrous tear into my eye. You have my sub forever. PLIS no copy
pasterino frappucino malamino al pacino
Hello my name is Sing_sing and I am from the distant future. I am here to inform you, past Sing_sing that you must replace S4 on SECRET and travel with your new team to the TI5 EU Hub and play Mario Party for 2 weeks straight, if you fail to do this The Bankers will take over the world and it will descend into chaos. Thank you for listening to future Sing_sing. Please no pasta alfredo
Sing2x this is your girlfriend: Maria Pastarina. The doctor said that you have AIDS because you're always being raped by pub scrubs. I'm leaving you now, I found another person better than you. EE is such a tryhard and he watches anime, he's perfect for me. Bye! Pls no copyrino pasterino.
I can see why Draskyl wasn't invited for the Main Event at TI4. All he does is shit on any other castet's opinions. He talks trash about the players and their decisions. He thinks he's above everyone else. I hope valve never invite him ever again and I hope GD studio boots him for Tobi
Greeting Michael, this is your Mother. I heard earlier that you "maybe" 420 blaze it. I am very concerned. I dont like that Pobelter boy and I dont think you should hang out with him anymore. I hope the rest of you concerned mothers in twitch chat will copy paste this so my son will see..
Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Text-To-Speech, this'll be the last pasta I ever send your ***. I thought you loved money - isn't that why you still play hearthstone? I know you got my last two pastas; I wrote the Kappas on 'em perfect. I'm in the chat right now, spamming hafu nudes in r9k. Hey Kripp, I drank a fifth of OJ, you dare me to riot?
lost my virginity to a goat. I was working at a bird sanctuary and they had some goats and sheep there. I was left to close up one day and I thought i'd stay around because the weather was awesome and it was so peaceful. I got horny and decided to act on all the animal porn i'd watched and found so fucking hot. I tied one of the goats up in one of the hay barns and fucked it bareback in the ass. It was fucking amazing and I was shit scared
why does qtpie even have mods, his whole chat is just copy pasta and 2cans, please stop these trolls spammers and permaban them this is getting ridiculous, and dont use this to make more spam please
I'm 23 years old and from houston,tx. I started moderating in mid august of 2007 I have a degree in quickscoping and certified in the art of injecting marijuanas.currently in school studying the female ejaculation.well as the Human nature of gamer grills.I was a person that did not know what I wanted to do until recently.When i joined Kripparians chat, it suddenly struck me This guy makes so much money that i could mod for him for a living.With my qualifications and Kripparians money, we could conquer the world that is twitch.
qtpie, this is your dad here. i just wanted to say how proud of you i am son, always hiding in your room playing your video games, talking to your internet friends. your mom and i think that's well and we just wanted to let you know we love you. pls no copy dadderino
10 years since sing strim.i walk through the empty streets trying to think of something else but my path always leads to the stream. i stare at the screen for hours and try to summon the lord. i watch other asian girls streaming but it is no good. i flame dendi in his channel and try to resist the nazi mods but it is all meaningless. the end is near.i then usually watch some old sing vods and cry myself to sleep. plis no copy pasterino my storarino
You're so cute Jacky L. Mao, please don't stop smiling. You're a rainbow a river and my WAIFU.
My beautiful Hafu turns to me in bed and kisses me. Her cute smile fills me with happiness. Hafu holds me close as she whispers in my ear: "You know this isn't real. You're just typing in twitch chat. You're alone." "10/10 body." I keep mumbling.
Last night in Greece, Greek police heard reports of a Canadian man in a blue tacky sweater walking around the streets at night, 'brofisting' the local population. As a result 20,000 greek citizens have contracted the cancer. If you see this man, please report to greek policerino department.
It was a cold night in sing sings room, he was dreaming of being coached by purge, he then hears a knock at his door, "We gucci?". He opens the door and see's purge standing there. "Purge, I want you to purge me baby", Purge then drops his pants and flops out his diffusal dong and purges Sing's asshole. As sing's anal cavity is widened by purge's huge diffusal dong, he whispers... "Ez Katka..."
Yanik is new at his school and doesn't want to be an outsider again. When he meets Alan he also wants to be as popular as him with the girls. But when Alan kissed Yanik to get rid of the girls, the admiration turns into disgust. But at a party where Yanik had to disguise himself as a girl Alan falls in love with the "girl" at first sight...
Lol really? Copy-pasta? You retards probably dont even read what the fuck you're copy and pastaing but I'll have you retards know I like using fleshlights and its better than futas but i haven't tried futa yet.
I shudder as I feel a large hand moving up my thighs. I open my eyes and there he is. The ogrelord. Shrek. I hug him so tight and press my erection against him. He places me on my stomach and inserts the Shrock into my anus. Pure bliss. I look into his eyes, and he says 'don't worry now aye? I'm ogre the moon for yeh'. Pls no copato pastado
Mr. Santana this is Dr. Blumgold I have just subscribed to inform you that your Twitch Subscribers have been contracting the deadly virus known as "The Bola" if you dont stop missing Sion ult The United States of America will be infected by Christmas. Pls dont copy pasterino not a joke..
Did You Know? YAYO was first found in America in the year 1070. The native Dongers sang it to please their God. One day they didn't sing YAYO, a NACHO TORPEDO destroyed their whole culture. Ripperino Dongerino, all you knew was YAYO..
Hi my name is Ivana Kumminya and eye skip skool two watch xpoke and more other league of leg end playors, my engli not be may so good, pleez hlp zpoke bye dohnayting to his Utoobe channol but pls no spaghetti bolognese contemporino pastarino anderino basterdino dongarino pls thank u
wow you guys are pathetic, spamming twitch chat with random comments trying to win "kappa this, kappa that". you know what? I'm big on 4chan and im getting an entire community to come over here and show you what real swag is, you pathetic mindless sheepfuks. You just wait.
Guys plz stop spamming it's very inrespectful. Stupid twitch chat with an iq of 5.People here try to have serious conversations and they can't because of the amount of retarded spam.Guys plz stop spamming it's very inrespectful. Stupid twitch chat with an iq of 5.People here try to have serious conversations and they can't because of the amount of retarded spam.
You guys are ruining my chat experience. I come to the Twitch chat to discuss important geopolitical events like the ukraine crisis and it's implications on the socioeconomics of Eastern Europe. Yet here you are ruining everything with your frankerzs and kappas.
Weed i am a chicken from cs go ... i barely survived inferno ... i just want you and ur friends stop killlin my chickens or im gonna peck the sh1t out of you .My dream is to travel from A sight to B at my friend horse near construction without getting hurt together with my chicks and u always ruin it... please copy paste and stop this madness , let a chicken cross inferno my brothers
Hello, I'm Cyberino Matterino, i'm currently running a web about Doto players and their stats, specially Dendi, Loda, Chuan and RTZ(not sure about that fgt thou), I was promoting my web trough Reddit the past month but suddenly my web is shadownbanned and my account is now in danger, WHY YOU DO THIS REDDIT MODS? YOU A RE DESTROYING THE DOTO SCENE. Pls no coperino pasterino. Real story.
Hello, my name is Keepo and I want to ask you something. My friend Kappa needs your help. He wants to find some more Kappa friends. So please, spam Kappa as much as possible in the chat, so that my friend Kappa could find more of his Kappa friends. It makes a big difference, thank you!
Hello, my name is Juan Pastoroni, CEO of Copy Pasta Industries. I'd like to let you know that we've just gained copyrights on a lot of copy pastas seen in this chat. If you are using them right now, please refrain from doing so, or risk being fined under copyright infringement. Thank you, and don't be funny and copy and paste this. This is business, kid.
hello, my name is juan and I am from the save a donger foundation, for just 69 cents a day you can save a donger, please, there are small and big dongers that need help, you can make a difference
lol this game is garbage, i thought league was dumbed down, but blizzard takes it a whole another level. i know that blizzard fanboys need to be spoonfed everything with hearthstone being dumbed down magic clone and wow being a dumbest down everquest.. but seriously.. this game is the flappybird of mobas
Hello Kripp Aryan, am 48 year man from somalia. Sorry for my bed england. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "heart of stone" and i want to become the goodest player like you I play with 400 ping on US server and i am rakn 17. pls no copy pasterino my story
Hello everyone this is Sing Sing's Doctor Yu Sik Fuk. I'm sorry to interrupt your spam but please let SingSing know that his test results came positive for Super-Ebola. I am prescribing him two teaspoons of cum a day and plenty of bed rest, with no heavy exertion. That means no jerkerino the donger SingSing, Doctor's orders. This message is only for Sing so please no copy pastarino. Thank you and have a nice day.
How is this guy even successful at doto? I mean all he does is scream "OH MAI GAWWWD" and then he proceeds to feed. Feed feed is a bad player and doesn't deserve all this attention and he is definitely not a pro. I am 4k MMR and I could beat him with my FEET. The only reason he wins is because 6.82 is a noob patch made for players like feed feed. pls copy and paste and show this to everyone
Hello am 48 year man from somalia. Sorry for my bed england. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "legend league" and i want to become the goodest player like you I play with 400 ping on brazil server and i am challenger 2. pls no copy pasterino my story
"Haha, what a great day of casting" Merlini proclaimed. "Yeah, we did awesome, bro. Give me a high five". Oh boy, not this again, thought Merlini. "Bro, we're so tight we don't need to high five". Yet Zyori insisted. "High five my hand bro". Merlini had no choice. Merlini's hand still smells like Zyori's balls to this day.
What a garbage chat. It's like nobody even cares about anything but dumb copypastas and "dongers" here. You're all a bunch of 9gag tier memelords that haven't recognized how cancerous you are yet. I'm disappointed, apply yourselves.
ay yo what's up #logang today we're going to be heading in the #japanesesuicideforest here in japan, but first of all make sure to smash that like button, share this video, and subscribe for more vlogs like this one right here, also make sure to follow me on twitter, instagram google +, and like my page on facebook and pintrest. before heading in here i just wanna say suicide is not a joke but is that a dead body i'm not fucking with ya'll let's get the camera in there. as you can see this person is dead if you don't want to end up like him make sure you stay subscribed you know he probably ain't have no friends but if your in the #logang you know logan is your best friend haha chilling anyways thanks for watching guys and i won't be monetizing this video but make sure to check out my merch in the description, and dont forget to like share and subscribe and peace out #logang haha
I like spamming copypastas. It's my favorite activity. When they're dank, I think to myself "yes". When they're removed, I think to myself "no".
The Rumor Come Out: Does MoonMoon is Gay?MoonMoon is gay is the most discussed in the Twitch in the few years ago. Even it has happened in 2016, but some of the Twitch still curious about what is exactly happening and to be the reason there is a rumor comes out about his gay. At that time MoonMoon became the massive social networking rumor. The Twitch, especially his chat are shocked. MoonMoon just came out with his bad rumor which is spread massively.
The year is 2025. MoonMoon_Ow lies on his deathbed, the countless years of oatmeal infighting finally having taken their toll. He struggles to adjust his eyes to the glare of his computer screen, yearning to view his beloved twitch chat one more time. All he sees is degenerate weeb spam. His eyes brim with tears. He begins gasping his final breath, and in his final moments he hits the hardest dab known to humanity
wow qt is such a good guy <3 while most people are spending new years with their friends and family, this legend is feeding the hungry on the rift. much love brother and happy new year.
My $0.99 starter bundle put me well above the other players. But, when I reached the first enemy castle. I couldn't beat it. I checked the in game shop. "BONUS SILVER TROOPS $4.99 EXPIRES IN 3:14:28" I happily spent $4.99. Shortly after I came across an elite boss I couldnt beat. So I checked the in game shop. "BONUS GOLD TROOPS. 5000 RESOURCES. $19.99 EXPIRES IN 1:05:39" It's about to expire! I quickly entered my credit card and bought the bundle, it was such a steal. I love Art of Conquest!
Wow guys, enabling bttv gif emotes was by far the worst decision of my life. Is spamming chat with these annoying emotes really the only thing that kids these days do? Am I just out of touch, or is this what chat has devolved to these days? What ever happened to innovative and original copy pastas?
"Give me a second, guys," Kripp says. "Gotta hit up the bathroom" He turns down the volume on his microphone, and immediately gives Dex a swift kick down the stairs. As Dex yelps loudly in pain, Kripp overturns the nearest chair, yelling "Fuck this game!" as loudly as he can. Rania tries to calm him down, but Kripp swiftly bodyslams her onto a glass coffee table. After taking a few deep breaths, Kripp wipes the blood off of his face, sits back down at his computer, and resumes his stream.
As Jeff Kaplan stares at me through my computer screen, I begin to contemplate reality. What truly has substance in this realm of technology, avarice and sin? What is our future, if not a blank, hollow nothing, rife with silence and strife?
Why do so many people watch this washed up player? He is so bad at this game. Why is his hair so long? Does hair length have a connection to a players skill? Is that why girls are so bad at league?
You know what's worse than Ajit Pai? To access the punchline to this joke, you must purchase the Punchline Package for $14.99
You must pay for the Social Media Package with your internet service provider to view this post. Package includes, but is not limited to: Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, Reddit, Tumblr, and more. Offers start at $3.99 per month per household. Minimum one-year contract. Exclusions may apply. $15.99 activation fee per device. See site for details.
<--- I legit LOVE this emote, but because of normie people I rarely (if not at all) get to use this emote. It's depressing having something you love, being taken away from you by a despicable small group.
Imaqtpie, I've noticed in Korea they tend to use a mix of magic and physical damage on Kog Maw. Meanwhile you seem to be using mostly true damage. Which playstyle is better?
Hi Micheal, it's Mark from ScreenColor LLC! We have identified your grey screen problem as being located in two files called "feed.dll" and "boosted.dll", you can safely delete them and it should be good!
I'm twelve but everyone says I am very mature for my age and say I'm basically 16. Also, I love real bands like AC/DC and punk rock like green day so I'm not your typical 12 year old.
Do you guys mind not spamming the chat so much? I'm really trying to pay attention to the stream and you guys are distracting me. If you guys really cared about the quality of the stream or Kripp himself you would stop the spamming and copying and pasting. God, I swear you guys are the worst part of twitch. Couldn't you just try to be mature for once in your life? Everyday I come here and it's the same thing, a bunch of no life neckbeards ruining this quality content for everyone else..
Our Salt, who art in hearthstone, hallowed be thy game, your kripparian comes, your aggro decks be done, on constructed as it is in arena. Give us today our daily meme deck. And forgive us our rng bullshit, as we also have forgiven others rng bullshit. And lead us not into Smorc, but deliver us from the evil aggro decks. Amen
All you people saying this game is easy, I guarantee if you played this or watched any other streamer play this, you would still be bronze and struggling. Kripp is a god at these types of games, he could reach diamond his first day if he wanted to. Kripp understands games on a level we can't even imagine to be possible. His mechanics are impeccable. With his theory crafting, his builds today will be the future meta. It is amazing we get to live in a time with the king of games.
My favorite streamer is the Kripparrian. I often find my self watching his old vods just to stare and look at his 'salty boy' body. Any BM plays he performed really showcased his pristine hearthstone skill. Sometimes i pause the stream and masterbait numerous times. The reveal of his diablo t-shirt never ceases to excite me. Kripp will forever be my 'Salt Shaker'
Hello, Kripparrian, this is your ass, Assarrian, with a humble request to stop talking out of me. I know it's fun to pretend like you have any idea what you're talking about, and to pull random statistics out of me to support whatever point you're awkwardly trying to make, but come on! I have a hard enough time dealing with the vegan garbage in your digestive tract! Do us both a favor and use your brain once in a while! Thanks! - Assarrian.
All you people saying this game is easy, I guarantee if you played this or watched any other streamer play this, you would still be bronze and struggling. Kripp is a god at these types of games, he could reach diamond his first day if he wanted to. Kripp understands games on a level we can't even imagine to be possible. His mechanics are impeccable. With his theory crafting, his builds today will be the future meta. It is amazing we get to live in a time with the king of games.
FULFILL YOUR WISH BY SPAMMING THIS FISH
chat moving so fast no one will notice me seeking attention from strangers on the internet because my parents didn't give me any.
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old," when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
I swear all this chat ever does is pick the one idiot with the lowest IQ and copy whatever that brain dead moron types.
HEY ADVERTISERS YOU'RE ONLY PROMOTING TO ONE PERSON NEED PROOF? I'LL POST THIS ON MY OTHER ACCOUNTS
GREAT AD OF THE SKY PLEASE HEAR MY CRY. TRANSFORM THYSELF FROM AD OF LIGHT AND BRING ME VICTORY IN THIS FIGHT. ENVELOP THE DESERT WITH YOUR GLOW AND CAST YOUR AD UPON MY FOE. UNLOCK YOUR ADS FROM DEEP WITHIN SO THAT TOGETHER WE MAY WIN!!
TWITCH PLAYS POT OF GREED IT PLAYS TWO MORE ADS TWITCH PLAYS POT OF GREED IT PLAYS TWO MORE ADS TWITCH PLAYS POT OF GREED IT PLAYS TWO MORE ADS
I draw Pot Of Ad! This card allows me to show you two ads instead of one!
YOU'VE ACTIVATED MY ADS TRAP CARD YOU'VE ACTIVATED MY ADS TRAP CARD YOU'VE ACTIVATED MY ADS TRAP CARD
The year is 2088, Kripp lays tattered on his deathbed, his organs absolutely ravaged from years of veganism. He turns to his computer monitor for one last look at his beloved twitch chat only to see a bunch of weebs, emote spam and copy pasta. Tears fill his lifeless, vegan eyes. Rania is at his side as he draws on all his power to take his last breath and say the only enlightening words that come to mind.. "K"
Today my 12 year old son and I walked into harvard to sign him up for college. The dean rudly asked what a 12 year old was doing signing up for such a prestigious institute like harvard. My son took of to reveal his Rick and Morty shirt and proclaimed "Well you see sir I watch Rick and Morty". A look of confusion came over the deans face and I have never been so proud. The dean quickly made sure to appologize to my son but it was too late, the police rushed in and dragged him out. My son passed all his classes with 4.0s and graduated top of his class in the first day of college.
When I was in school I used to have an IQ of 15. My classmates used to harass me for not being that smart. But since 2013, my life has changed. My IQ is now 195 and it increases by 5 every time I sit down on Saturday nights to watch this one show. It is called Rick and Morty. Because of that, I get all the girls and people are always comparing me to Albert Einstein, some even say that I am the cure for cancer. When the government found out that I watch Rick and Morty, they showed up to my residence and took me to a secret facility to take an exam. The exam was about explaining all the jokes in Rick and Morty and I had to answer each question in all currently spoken languages. Since I watched Rick and Morty, I didn't have any problems and I completed it in 30 minutes. The next day, I got to see the results and I passed the exam with a score of 100%. They gave me the title "Smartest Man in Existence". Guess I am out of this world.
You see, I have a very high IQ. Do you want to know why? Well, I'll tell you anyways, I have a high IQ because I watch this amazing television show (which to my surprise piqued my interest unlike many other television shows) Rick and Morty. This show is remarkably intellectual (Like me, mind you) and not like any other animated shows. My most favorite joke from the show is "WUBALUBADUBDUB" it makes me giddy inside and knowing the common folk wont understand the joke makes me laugh even harder!
Hi I'm 13 and I just started watching Rick and Morty and I can tell you for a fact it's my favorite show!!. Lik the one time Ricky said said there's probably like no good !!!! i was agreeing so much I'am smarter then you're average fidget spinner teen at middle school to even though I have one. I may be young but I'm smarter then every theist on earth basically the show is also really deep when they said like no one was born for a reason I was so blown away as they must have big balls to say that on tv so I told my friends on minecraft and they agree too. LOL once when my mom took me to McDonald's I asked for the Mulan dipping sauce and the dumb bitch didn't even get the reference XD One time in class i evan shouted "I'm PICKLE RIIIICK!" and Mrs.Janice told me to go outside i fucking hate that cunt school is for dumb ppl just like what Rick said, i m too smart for such imbicells. But yeah I love Rick and Morty and I'm actually smart enough to get it to.
I pretended to be a girl in csgo competitive matchmaking. At first we just played csgo together, but we worked up to more. I even skyped dressed as a sexy woman "with poor connection" so the video would blur. After many seductive photos of my ass in my sisters underwear I convinced him I was the real deal. It took me 3 weeks to become his girlfriend. Eventually I scammed this guy out of $600 because I convinced him I would come visit if he paid for the flight. I was lucky it paid off because i had spent nearly $200 on make up to pull off this con. He also gifted me over 20 games on steam. 11/10 would do again. It was actually a nice weekend when I flew to visit him and didn't even mind sucking cock. We're looking to move in together in October.
Teenagers and man children according to who? You? What is your standard? I'm a fan of Rick and Morty, and I've been watching since episode one. Most of my friends who are scientists love the show, because it has a sense of humor and plot lines that you need a STEM mind simply to follow, let alone interpret and appreciate. Most of the people who diss the show are standard literature, philosophy, sociology a business majors who would rather watch shit like The Office or How I Met Your Mother and other shit-tier shows. Get off your high horse
Just shut the fuck up. This copypasta was never even funny to begin with. I've never even seen the show, and it was obviously a joke. What kind of idiot do you have to be to think that was ever said seriously? But it makes fun of something which is popular, and therefore popular to shit on among the contrarians on Reddit. Come on, really. I actually do have to wonder about the IQs of people who like that pretentious copypasta. You know, I sometimes can't help but superiorly smirk as I imagine their dumb faces struggling to understand words on a mere internet webpage. In fact, I sometimes find myself in paroxysms of ironic Schadenfreude as I envision the visages of the aforementioned Slow-in-the-minds waging war with the Cultural Artifact they proclaim to be analyzing, only to fall, slack-jawed, back into their insensate stupor, the proverbial Undiscovered Country, "from whose bourn no traveler returns" .
My teacher said to my I'm a failure, that I'll never amount to anything. I scoffed at him. Shocked, my teacher asked what's so funny, my future is on the line. "Well...you see professor" I say as the teacher prepares to laugh at my answer, rebuttal at hand. "I watch Rick and Morty." The class is shocked, they merely watch pleb shows like the big bang theory to feign intelligence, not grasping the humor. "...how? I can't even understand it's sheer nuance and subtlety." "Well you see...WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB!" One line student laughs in the back, I turn to see a who this fellow genius is. It's none other than Albert Einstein.
Honestly fuck the plebs.. they always bring toxic comments into the chat and I can't stand them any more. They think they are great but in reality they are Dumb Asses and are annoying af. I am glad I'm not a stupid ass Pleb
We blizzard care much about the player experience. For this reason, we're changing the card Ultimate Infestation as follows: Deal 5 damage, gain 5 armor, summon 3 JADE GOLEMS, Add 5 Jade Idol to your hand. I'm Ben Brode, hope you still like my raps!
Kripp reluctantly crawls into bed where a breathless Hafu is waiting. She takes hold of his hand and whispers, "It's ok, I broke up with Jake." He squeezes her hand, let's go, squeezes again, "You're the best female arena player...," Kripp says dejectedly, "But I made a vow to Rania to never love another woman." Hafu runs her hands lovingly down his cheek, "You're not cheating," she whispers, "I'm really Amaz."
Jesse, listen. We all have trials. We all have difficulties. We all have these moments where we think maybe we can't overcome the obstacle right in front of us. But we know we can. We know better. Victory is within our reach. Success is within your reach. Don't give up. You will become the boshy. Do it for Eddie. Do it for Chat. Do it for Cloud. Most of all, do it for yourself.
The year is 2025. MoonMoon_Ow lies on his deathbed, the countless years of oatmeal infighting finally having taken their toll. He struggles to adjust his eyes to the glare of his computer screen, yearning to view his beloved twitch chat one more time. All he sees is degenerate weeb spam. His eyes brim with tears. He begins gasping his final breath, and in his final moments he tells Chat "K"
Dear mister I'm-too-boosted-to-read-my-chat This will be the last message I ever send your ass
(sponsored viewer): Hey Kripp! I just saw your Youtube video about Art of Conquest! It looks like such an amazing free game with a lot of wonderful content and replayablility. I was wondering you were going to play Art of Conquest on stream for us tonight? It would be a privilege to watch such a skilled gamer with a positive attitude such as yourself play this mind-bogglingly complex game. Thanks Kripp, you're the best - just like Art of Conquest!
As the pain of hunger overtook the people of Africa they began to feel hope. "I will become the Fiora master!" said Michael "Imaqtpie" Santana. The people of Africa cheered.
Is there an anime character stronger than Twilight Sparkle? And I'm referring to supercharged Alicorn Princess Twilight Sparkle with Princess Celestia's guidance, full understanding of the Power of Friendship, control of The Elements of Harmony and Spike, equipped with her royal tiara, the Castle of Friendship, and the Rainbow Friendship Kingdom, as well as her Rainbow Sheen and Rainbow Power, with the magic of all the Alicorns implanted in her chest to give her full control of magic?
I hate that guy's emotes so much. They all look like some 6 year old made them in MS Paint, and I'm not talking about the purposefully bad ones. And all they do is portray emotions already done by the default emotes; The best custom emotes are ones that do things you can't easily do with the defaults. And the insufferable people who use those emotes find any reason to use any of them, even if they're not related, because they're that proud of a 4.99 purchase. I'd rather sub to a guy I liked watc
Its 2019. A huge hurricane is coming QTs way. As theyre packing, they noticed they only have room for 3 pets in their car. A sad voice opens up in QTs mouth - "Dapper, No ". He was left behind.
I am starting a petition to fly Kripp down to Houston to aid in the Hurricane Harvey relief effort. The unprecedented levels of that spew from his mouth will reduce the water levels by at least 75%. One copy pasterino = 1 prayer
Hey qtpie, you should check your video settings after this game, there seems to be an issue with the stream. The colors of the video fade and entire screen goes gray every 30 or so seconds
Hi Michael, I saw Doublelift playing Kogmaw yesterday and he didn't seem to have the same cool passive you have. Was his game bugged or is the passive account specific?
: mommy! kripp just read my message! : who's kripp honey? : A mid-aged man , playing cartoon games to entertain children, here's a picture of him. Clap Clap way to go son \ /
you fucking vegan, ill have you know i graduated top of my class from burger king university in burger flipping and have flipped over 9000 burgers in my day you dumb vegan, but you wouldn't know that would you you soy muncher? If you said that to my face I would be flipping patties all over your vegan face and you'd be full of my meat before you even knew what was happening.
After a good game in csgo, i added him because he seemed like a cool guy. We got chatting, over the next couple of months we became good friends. Lots of banter, lots of great CS and most importantly true friendship. I invited him to my house for a csgo lan party. He said he was coming so i was looking forward to meeting him in real life. When he arrived at my house, he pushed me against the wall and started nibbling my ear. Turns out he was vegan. Don't trust this guy.
ONLY A TRUE VIEWBOT CAN WEAR THE ANTENNA
My dad works at twitch dude, he's a sr Vice President, and he oversees players accounts. If you don't unban me, I'll make sure he gets both you and majinphil permabanned. But if you unban me, I'll make sure you fit in the algorithms to always have Phil be in people's recommended feed. Your choice.
Fucking MoonMoon subs in all my streams spamming these stupid fucking emotes. I swear they're all 12 year old kids who subbed to this goofy ass mother fucker (who's not even good at the game, just a decent tank player who gets carried) with their mom's credit cards they stole. If I see one more goddamn purple face I think I'm going to scream. My AGDQ chat experience has been ruined time and time again by these spammers and frankly, I'm getting tired of it.
My son is running around the house without pants saying "Who Came". I came over to his computer and your sub sound is completely inappropriate. I have the strong urge to disown my son now. Unbelievable. As a parent you disappoint me.
As a Pleb, I understand and, indeed, respect the social order. But I believe Subs and Plebs must work together and realize Mods are the true evil in this world. With the power of SPAM
At this point in the night the chat has just turned into a cesspool. There is no point in trying to have a meaningful discussion with anyone, it's just copy pasta this PJ Salt that. And the worst part is no one in the chat knows how to play the game so they just give ass advice. If this gets copied I will leave.
"kappa this, kappa that" Does it ever stop? When will this stuff stop being HILARIOUS to people? I mean seriously is there no originality left on this world? Are we all just monkey see monkey do? I don't know about you guys but I'm sick of every time I look up a game, or a forum post, anything really I have to scroll past like 50 of these.
The year is 2017 - Rania is playing hardstone while her puerto rican lover performs felatio on her. She queues into an UNKNOWN and instantly receives a message from the Kripp. "This is so unfair! It`s not my fault vegans can`t eat p*#sy! You have 30 minutes to come back home before I shoot myself and dex in the face with my vegan gun!" She aggressively slams the desk: "DAMN IT!". "Que se pasa amor" Antonio looks up perplexed, She replies: "Turn 1 go first zombie chow...".
THIS IS A TEST, IF YOU ARE HUMAN, DO NOT COPY PASTA THIS MESSAGE
Kripp.... how do I say this. You aren't as good as you used to be, your quality of both decks and play have deteriorated significantly. At this point I think I'm a better player than you which makes me very sad. Your decks have no balance between curve and minion quality, tar creeper?! Really? In zoo! As much as you sell it as one, zoo is not a control deck. At least not a conventional one.
Saronite Chain Gang is quickly becoming one of my least favorite cards. It's just so hopeless and suffering. It comes on the board like "How long can this go on?" and I'm like "yeah SCG this torture is eternal" and when he attacks he's like "FREE ME" and I'm like "yeah if only I could." He doesn't say some positive bullshit like "spells are fun" he's just like "nah end this." And it looks so frustrated.
Hey qtpie, you should check your video settings after this game, there seems to be an issue with the stream. The colors of the video fade and entire screen goes gray every 30 or so seconds
Hey Imaqtpie! I'm gonna volunteering at a Food Bank soon. Thanks for playing a fatty Yasuo game to teach me the tips on feeding! Thanks in advance and God bless
It was dinner time at the Overwatch GAYmer house. Moonmoon dishes up a steamy plate of pasta when he realizes he forgot the meat. Seagull looks up from his plate, the gleam in his eye. "I got the meat right here for you baby" lubing up with marinara sauce Seagull begins to pound his sausage into moonmoons tight lightly buttered dinner roll. The scream of delight, Seagull releases his load, calling an end to yet another successful team dinner
If you are reading this message, Jesse, you are currently in a 25 year coma. We've been trying to communicate with you for the longest time by manipulating your brain waves, but nothing so far has worked. If you manage to read this it means our new method has succeeded. Please, wake up Jesse. Your family loves you and wants you back. In a week they are going to pull the plug on your life support, they can't afford the medical bills anymore.
Truth be told, I'm quite proud of my house blend. To attain my flavor and fragrance, I use five different types of coffee beans.
DRAW IS BAD HAND IS SUCKY ALWAYS SECOND NEVER LUCKY
why is this game looks like 1998 fidget spinner simulator ???
Hey guys I'll be playing HS today Watch as I play children cards and whine about RNG for 6 hours How fun and interactive! Please join the 5 dollar club for more amazing content
Hey Kripp, it's me Tom from VeganHub Enterprises. I am sorry to say that your "VeganHub account" has expired and will need to be renewed. We suggest you try our "VeganHub Premium account" subscription. You can watch videos in 1080p ,60 fps, costs $12.99 and lasts you a year. You will also get exclusive access to videos such as, "Young Cob gets plowed", and , "Two lettuces, 1 knife". Since you are a loyal customer you will get a 10% discount this time.
Octavian, this is Brian Weiss with Grinding Gear Games. We understand there was an issue with our last financial restructuring that inadvertently canceled the auto-pay into your account. We've gone ahead and rectified the issue, as well as forwarding an additional 10% as an apology. We look forward to your updated commentary regarding our latest content expansion for Path of Exile.
My son got kicked out of school for letting a girl jerk him off in class. That's three schools now. Maybe teaching isn't for him.
I was born with glass bones and paper skin. Every morning I break my legs, and every afternoon I break my arms. At night, I lie awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep.
I hate spam, its so overrated. Thank you mods for keeping our chat experience so pristine and enjoyable!
Hey guys, I would greatly appreciate if you stop spamming your 'emojis'. I am trying to watch this stream in peace but you ANIMALS are disrupting my time. I will go to complain on r/DotA2 if you continue. Thanks
NO LOGIC DOESNT UNDERSTAND IMMIGRATION WATCHING NA GAME ON NA WEBSITE MUST BE EU
imaqtpie think he is popular but the truth is i am watching his stream with all my 20k accounts for proof i will copy and paste this on all my accounts
Nothing is complex for me. I figured out flat earth when everyone on the planet was either bought into the lie or supporting it. I am a borderline genius as tested at 10 years old I am sure the number would be much higher now since I have increased my intelligence over the years. I am right you are wrong, it really is as simple as that. The DEVIL is in the details.
Kripp's covetous eyes glisten as the Marvel: Future Fight devs hand over a stack of cash. "Make sure you shill this half baked product to your loyal fanbase" they instruct. Kripp licks his salty lips and mutters an agreeable "k"
Sniper Guild recruiter here . Our mighty organization of hundreds of Sniparrians is in need of new initiates who can infiltrate the Kripparrians stream. A minimum experience of two snipes is required. Do not worry about time delays or snitches, our buddy Drivezy has you covered. We hope you will consider joining us in our quest to defeat Kripparrian
you are now manually breathing you are now manually blinking you are aware that your tongue cannot find a comfy place in your mouth you are aware of all the itches on your body that need to be scratched
IT'S NOT GAY IF IT'S ANIME
Stroking A Hard One With The Boys
smallcat why are you so small mellow why are you so cute Lisha i love you DAPPER NO
I am honestly so sick and tired of people objectifying Kripp. Like yeah I get it he's a hyper-attractive vegan with large muscles and a beautiful aesthetic but that's not the point of the stream. I remember the good old days when he played PoE and everyone was just here for the memes and the gameplay but things have changed. Don't get me wrong, I can appreciate the healthy lifestyle Kripp has adopted and I find it hard to look away from the camera but it just feels wrong. Maybe I'm just jealous
Rick Fox invites Shiphtur to his private island, and says to him, "I want you to play on my team." "But who will be my teammates?" Shiphtur replies. Just as he asks that, Dyrus, Scarra, Voyboy and Imaqtpie swim ashore. Rick Fox smiles as he looks towards the shore: "Your team is all washed up."
Do I have to subscribe to see the stream in color?
Citizens of Dalaran! Raise your eyes to the skies and observe! Today our world's destruction has been averted in defiance of our very makers! Algalon the Observer, herald of the titans, has been defeated by our brave comrades in the depths of the titan city of Ulduar. Algalon was sent here to judge the fate of our world. He found a planet whose races had deviated from the titans' blueprints. A planet where not everything had gone according to plan.
The mitochondrion (plural mitochondria) is a double membrane-bound organelle found in all eukaryotic organisms. Some cells in some multicellular organisms may however lack them (for example, mature mammalian red blood cells). A number of unicellular organisms, such as microsporidia, parabasalids, and diplomonads, have also reduced or transformed their mitochondria into other structures. To date, only one eukaryote, Monocercomonoides, is known to have completely lost its mitochondria.
HEY ITS KRIPP FrOM the future here trying to tell you to stop playing this childrens game while you can. IF NOT you will play this game for 40 years in a row and it will take a toll on your health. i have been declared clinacly insane and have been staying at a looney bin forced to eat meat everyday
Hello there, Octavian! This is Kurt McGriff, executive producer for the Food Channel. We have reviewed your recent application to be a host of your own TV show on our network titled, "Salty Vegan Eats - A Pro Gamer's Way of Life" However, after further reviewing your claim of being an "extremely popular professional gamer" we found the evidence lacking. Mr. Octavian, casually playing a children's card game does not make you a "pro gamer." Have a nice day and good luck to your future endeavors.
Kripp, this behavior of yours is disgusting and honestly makes me want to unsubscribe from you. You're a grown man who apparently has to beat up 12 year old free to play players just for a cheap laugh. I don't know who you think you are, but now I know that you're nothing but a good-for-nothing bully.
This is Comcast. You have exceeded your monthly allowance of and will pay overage fees of $20 per for the rest of this billing cycle.
"SAVE THE INTERNET" refers to the imminent removal of net neutrality, which requires Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to treat the provision of internet service as a UTILITY not a LUXURY, thereby requiring them to provide it FAIRLY to EVERYONE, and not just people/businesses who pay premiums to receive the same service as before. It also restricts them from unfairly throttling speeds and access to specific websites. If net neutrality is abolished, Twitch will be inaccessible to most Americans.
If imaqtpie was in front of you, and scarra was behind you, and you were an inch deep in imaqtpie, and scarra was an inch deep in you, and you had to move an inch forwards or backwards, which way would you move?
I'm Summit1g, and this is my stream. I PUBG here with my man JoshOG. Everything in here has a story and a meme. One thing I've learned after 5 years - you never know WHO is gonna camp at the other side of that bridge.
Hello, Mr. Veganarrian, it's Steve from Big Juicy Vegetables. We prepared your package containing: Extra Thicc 30cm Cucumber and Huge Fat Watermelon with hole. You can come to pick it up any time, and we recommend you to bring your slave Rania because package is heavy. Have a nice day and go green!
Hello Kripparian, this is your father Vyascheslav from Moskva. I have started working overtime at the power plant, and your sister Tatyana has gone to Berlin to sell her body to Kraut swine for money. We do all this to pay for your "Stoned Heart of the Cards" game. Please win tournament and send us rubles soon, so our family can be together again.
moon i am currently trapped in 800 SR bronze my mains are Torbjorn and Bastion (I'm a huge defensive player, you know, a good defense is a gooder offense) but my team refuses to play around me and sometime even report me. Why elo hell is real??? How do you overcome adversity and become top 500? Thanks you for your time
my hairs too long, but not my bananna, you guessed it right, its michael santana
Do I have to subscribe to see the stream in color?
Is there any particular reason that your subs are the most toxic, useless wastes of life on all of twitch? I get that streaming gaming tends to attract a lot of losers, but what is it about your subs that makes them so uniquely cancerous? What makes them want to venture out of their trailers and basements to spam and shitpost where they aren't wanted? Is it too much to ask that you savages contain yourselves to the bowels of twitch?
Attention Kripp: As a friendly vegan lawyer, you need to inform chat this is 100% sellout stream. If you want to stay away from vegan prison where meat is stuffed into all new inmates, inform chat now.
Sometimes I think the stream froze, but nope. Its just Michael Santana staring into the monitor and mouth breathing while remaining perfectly still. The focus of a champion.
Kripp tenderly slid back the wrapper of the card pack. His fingers were soft and smelled faintly of cucumber. He slowly pulled out the card, caressing it with his fingers. "I didn't expect it to be so big", he said as he looked at the 7/7 stats. "And only 4 mana?" he said and moaned softly.
Hey Kripp, this is Jessica from Vegan Heritage Corp. We scanned our ancestry data-base and it appears you're related to the dinosaur known as Willy Vegansaurus the Herbivorous Dinosaur from 194 B.C We have tried contacting him, but it appears he died from a giant 'Meat-eor' sent from Villa the Spaghettisaurus from space. We fear he's making giant meatballs again, we recommend going carnivorous or earth could be doomed again!
This offends me as a vegan transgender hipster Native-American-Indo-Chinese hybrid alien agnostic-atheist German engineer who vapes fairtrade organic decaffeinated compressed and hydrated extra-protein soy breast milk on the regular and does Hindi Kama Sutra naked crossfit yoga 8 days a week.
Hello Octavian Kripparrian, Marvel Future Fight devs here. We have noticed you have used our "Auto-Play" functionality extensively today, with much better results than when you played the game yourself. Because of this success, we are happy to announce another brand-new feature: "Auto-Pay". We have seen you spend a large amount of time inefficiently upgrading your character, and this time is better spent Auto-Playing. Please click the "Auto-Pay" button, and let your Credit Card do the work!
God I want Zarya to be real, I want her large feet to smash my head. I want her muscular thighs to squash my head. It brings me to a near orgasmic feeling by just thinking about her and her muscular toned body. If Activision Blizzard made sexdolls, I would buy every Zarya model for myself and never leave my mom's basement. Fuck I just want Zarya to be real
Long ago in a distant land, I, Aku, the shapeshifting Master of Darkness, unleashed an unspeakable evil! But a foolish Samurai warrior, wielding a magic sword, stepped forth to oppose me. Before the final blow was struck, I tore open a portal in time and flung him into the future, where my evil is law! Now the fool seeks to return to the past, and undo the future that is Aku!
You banned someone for posting something in "your chatroom"? I'll have you know that we, CHAT, rule this chatroom. We MAKE you, we OWN you, we pay your bills, we pay for your food, we pay for the small trojan box of condoms you bought last night, this isn't your chatroom bud. This is our chatroom . Think again next time you call our chatroom yours, it's ours.
(sponsored spam) I've always been a DC fan (I guess you could say Fanboy LOL) but after watching Kripparrian play Marvel Future Fight, I gotta say, I'm HOOKED! Featuring iconic characters like Black Panther and Thanos, I gotta say, I'm pretty damn interested in this game. Thank you Kripparrian!
Don't get it twisted chat. moon2LULT wasn't dropped due to lack of popularity or for a better emote or anything. It was a selfish desire to personally absolve the broadcaster of his poor use of ultimate abilities. He wants to forget, but this we cannot allow. Every McCree Q to respawn, we moon2LULT. Every Winston ult jumping off the edge, we moon2LULT. Every time he presses Q at 20 HP and dies instantly, we moon2LULT. You must be vigilant, vertical scrolling communication room. moon2LULT
I'm sure Kripp just thinks this is just a wall of text. He will just skip over this as just another "copy pasta" I bet. This message is very important and I am triggered that Kripp will just skip over it. Copy paste this message to make Kripp read this meaningful message
I sexually Identify as the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of seizing the means of production from the dirty bourgeoisie. People say to me that a person being a historical communist revolution is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon instal hammers, sickles, and other assorted proletariat farming tools on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me "Comrade" and respect my right to seize the means of production and free the working class. If you can't accept me you're an oppressor and need to check your capitalist privileges. Thank you for being so understanding.
Art of Conquest is such an amazing FREE game! (Thanks for joining our Conquest Loyalty Rewards Program! Your selected channel is: nl_kripp. The more you post this message in his chat, the bigger your rewards! 1 Post = 10k Gold/Mana/Wood. 5 Posts = 50k Basic Resources + 3x 8 Hour Rush. 40 Posts = 750k Basic Resources + 20k Rare Resources + 21x 8 Hour Rush. Please remove this part before posting or your program will be terminated!)
The year is 2025. Kripp lies on his deathbed, the countless years of veganism finally having taken their toll. He struggles to adjust his eyes to the glare of his computer screen, yearning to view his beloved twitch chat one more time. All he sees is degenerate weeb spam. His eyes brim with tears. He begins gasping his final breath, and in his final moments he tells Rania "K"
Hey Kripp, Art of Conquest developer here. Just sending this message to make sure you are promoting our game via the fake questions we send you. Please answer two or three every hour. Make sure to only talk positive about our game otherwise you won't be getting your payment. Any violation of our terms and you can say goodbye to your sponsorship.Have a nice day!
I've never even heard or seen moonmoon but I really hope he isn't as bad as his dumbfuck subs are. I know I'm generalizing but I don't really care, the past few days that I've had to see moonmoon subs spam their same stupid fucking copypasta has been the worst chat experience I have ever had to witness, waving around the 5 dollars they got for doing chores around the house once, trying so hard to fit into their smeg xD spamming clique, it's honestly so obnoxious I want to drink bleach right now.
Hey, Mr. Morosan, this is Mike from Video Playground, the adult marketplace. You've been ignoring my calls about your outstanding debt of $12.99 for Big Vegan Balls IV. I'm not here to shame or embarrass you for your taste in husky, sweaty man love, but I've got a business to run, and I wouldn't be able to provide you with the entertainment you frequently enjoy if I didn't get paid. Please don't make me revoke your platinum membership.
Would you guys please quit calling it "Victory Fap"? I find it very offensive, and I'm sure Rania does too, that you think Kripp can only become aroused through dominance in a child's card game. Please grow up chat, thanks
gwent is a really, really bad game. Hearthstone is where it is at (Copy and paste this message into the twitch channel: nl_Kripp, for the reward of: 1 x Classic Pack for Hearthstone. Blizzard rewards those that are loyal. Don't include this in the message.)
This streamer believes that he has many different viewers, however it is really only me on many different accounts. To prove this, I will now repost this exact message on all my other accounts.
My daughter was born with a hearing impairment than ultimately left her deaf shortly after birth. I have been working for years to pay for a new surgery that would allow her to hear again. Today was her 8th birthday and I managed to get her what she's always wanted for her birthday, the sense of hearing. I decided to let her listen in on what Daddy has been watching late at night and I turn on your stream and what do I hear? Silence. Now she's crying thinking she's deaf again, Nice job Kripp.
Kripp has NEVER said "I LOVE YOU" to chat. We've been with him for 2+ years and he doesn't have the guts to say it. Or maybe he doesn't even really care about us after all we've been through. If Kripp doesn't say "I love you" to us chat, then I think it's time we leave him until he realizes how important we are..
I once knew this man. He was from the ocean. He did very Ocean-y things. He took me by the hand to take me to the land that you understand. He was the crust of a tan man imbibed by the sand, Soaking up the thirst of the land. Soaking up the thirst of the land. His Shin was in the shape of an "O". Don't know what to call him though...any ideas?
I think Zarya smells like dandelions and a cool breeze. Her colored hair gives of the scent of strawberries in bloom, and her pink gun leaves a smell of bubblegum when shot. Her body smells of sweat, and a strong womanhood. I would love to stuff my head right into her armpit and smother myself. To smell her tomboyish energy. I would die for this..
Hello, thank you for ordering the Twitch Viewbot Premium Package for $550 which will last 2 months and end on 8/13/17. This subscription will have your chat enter life-like messages that are believable and you'll never be suspected! Here are some examples: how do you play this game? what game is this? Additionally, upgrade for another $50 and earn the message: STRIMMER TURN THIS DUMB SHIT OFF
Hola Miguel, it is me your father, Fernando Santana. I see you achieved a lot in your life and your seniora Lisha is a fine mamacita. When are you comin to Mehico?
YOU ARE NOW BREATHING AND BLINKING MANUALLY
In the song "Fireflies" by Owl City he states "I get a thousand hugs from 10,000 lightning bugs." Are we to assume each bug hugs him a thousand times? Or is he only getting hugged by 1/10th of the bugs? Or is each bug is giving him 1/10th of a hug?
*slow claps**steps out of the shadows*Heh... not bad, kid. Not bad at all. Your meme, I mean. It's not bad. A good first attempt. It's plenty dank... I can tell it's got some thought behind it... lots of quotable material...But memeing isn't all sunshine and rainbows, kid. You're skilled... that much I can tell. But do you have what it takes to be a Memester? To join those esteemed meme ranks? To call yourself a member of the Ruseman's Corps? Memeing takes talent, smh.
i am a mercy player, and you should be THANKFUL i managed to bless your game. no one else plays healer, only me, and you DARE complain about the way I play? this entire community is TOXIC and ruins the competitive experience for us mercy players
Ok, so I main Mercy all I see is a bunch of posts and comments basically talking shit about Mercy mains. But let me tell you something, you need us. Honestly, do you think it's easy playing Mercy or something? Every time I hear "I need healing" it feels like a synapse in my brain just snapped. Like do you think I'm fucking blind or something? Do you not think I can see the big red target saying "CRITICAL"?? and you guys have the audacity to talk down on us Mercy mains.
We are gathered here today in memorium of the Overwatch professional player xGodSlayerx. In life, he demanded healing and better teammates who were not bitch idiot noob feeders. In death, he is an icon of Genji players everywhere. His legacy of epic zero-kill dragonblades and Blizzcon-worthy shuriken throwing skills have inspired a generation of one-trick DPS players in Masters and below. Perhaps what he needed was not heal bitch, or shield bitch, but a feel bitch.
Anyone who thinks mobile games can't be amazing has never played Art of Conquest! My friends are all having a blast already, and I'll be joining them right away! I'll also be subscribing to Kripp's channel to stay up to date! ERROR public static void WaitTime(NULL)
Art of Conquest is my favorite game! (Thanks for agreeing to post some positive feedback about our game. Just post this in Kripp's Twitch chat as often as possible. Make sure to remove this message before you post it. Thanks! -Art of Conquest Team)
I want Zarya's giant feet to squash my face and suffocate me and gives me no mercy, I want her to squash my head with her gigantic thighs like a hand squashes a tomato. Just knowing that she is able to do that brings me to the brink of orgasmic relief, but I know she won't smash my body with her arms hugging me like the bear emote. Fuck, why does she have to be a video game character, I want Blizzard to make sex dolls, I would buy out all the Zarya models and keep them for myself
Im fUcKiNg tIrEd oF SnEaKy nOt pLaYiNg mOrE AgGrEsSiVe aNd tRy tO CaRrY GaMeS, hE SuPpOsEd tO StEp tHe fUcK Up, He iS AdC AnD BeEn pLaYiNg gAmE OvEr 7 yEaRs, LeT'S FuCkInG Go, AtLeAsT TrY To cArRy aNd mAkE PlAyS LiKe dOuBlElIfT AnD WiLdTuRtLe, If yOu fUcK Up tHeN U FuCk uP, bUt dOnT PlAy tHeSe sHiT AdC'S AnD ShIt pOsItIoNiNg iN FiGhTs aNd jUsT LeT ThE GaMe cOmE To yOu, TaKe fUcKiNg oVeR AnD OwN YoUr rOlE AnD CuRrEnT GaMe, He's tUrNiNg iNtO JuSt aNoThEr aVeRaGe aDc aGaIn. My rAnT Is oVeR
By All That Is Holy I Summon Fish Moley
Imo moonmoon's chat is the worst. It's an endless stream of purple lady faces and various other meaningless emotes. Shit isn't even funny. I legit stopped watching moonmoon because I can't handle his chat. I know twitch chat is fairly toxic in general but at least people actually use words to communicate in other chats. Moonmoon's minions are so immersed in their 3 shitty memes that they themselves have become a meme.
The game of "shitpost" is a gentlemans' sport played by high society clubs like S.M.E.G. on emoting grounds across twitch. To play, one player posts a satirical block of text to the pitch, usually with a paygated emote such as moon2SMEG . Next, the other players copy and paste the same message while simultaneously laughing at the misfortune of the lower class.
Metal isn't so great? Are you kidding me? metal requires more talent than any other genre of music. And moonmoon_ow hates it? Thats ridiculous, metal is the best unlike stupid normie music. Moonmoon_ow shouldn't do this stupid restriction when many people (including me btw) love the music. metal is just too complex and cerebral for the masses to consume. dont feel bad. you are just all idiots.12 btw
Hello Moonman or whatever your name is, I just wanted to tell you to please stop ruining my chat experience with these "smugs" and "smegs" and what not. Honestly, I find them absolutely infuriating to see in every chatroom I stumble upon. Fuck that dumb purple lady.
I hate Moonmoon_ow's chat so much. All they do is spam a stupid copy pasta or some other moronic emote and circlejerk with each other. Why can't they do something productive with their lives? I tell everyone on Reddit about this and they all agree that Twitch Chat is ridiculous and stupid. And they all hope that they get Moonmoon_ow's attention by spamming, rather than having intelligent discussions with others and the streamer, I'm going back to Reddit.
The legend of the button grew as the potential dust reward that came with it increased. But in the end when the no life Kripparian who had long sold out pressed it, the playful sprites robbed him of his joy and crashed his client. Kripp fell to his knees and in a solemn proclamation said "Never Lucky".
AH! White shirt! Gray screen! Empirical data suggests this is a QTpie stream.
Hey Imaqtpie! Thanks for the quality stream. I'm watching with my son and you have become his mentor. He is going into baseball so he's learning how to throw like a pro from you! Thanks again!
Shut your eyes and listen closely. Do you feel it? The gentle clicks of a finely crafted keyboard massaging your eardrums? The soft soothing moan that comes from a man that has seen the inside of his attic and understands many things? The jovial chuckles awakening memories of the trips with the family to your uncle's barn on a mild summer evening when you were a kid? That is what Kripp's stream is to me. I am at peace.
I thought fidget spinning was a dumb trend, but then I got mine. I felt the spin, I felt it on my finger, I felt the rush of a good spin. It changed me. I got my spinner ironically, but I was wrong. Its amazing, I'm smarter, more productive, more focused at work, a simple task is now much better. Outsiders dont get it, they dont get us. I'm not saying were better but were more open minded and probably smarter. I love this community, and I love this way of life.
The year is 2050, league is played by less than 100 people. Qt has finally reached rank one, "Lisha I did it!" he yells excitedly. The sound echoes through the empty mansion. Lisha left long ago...
I WANT KRIPP TO LOSE I WANT KRIPP TO LOSE I WANT KRIPP TO LOSE
420/69 scientists agree that Twitch Chat is the most elusive substance known to man. The All-Knowing Twitch Chat flows through the very fabric of space and time. Twitch Chat is very unpredictable. What will Twitch Chat copy/pasta next? Nobody knows. Maybe the elusive Twitch Chat will copy/pasta this very message. Just remember, Twitch Chat knows all, and Twitch Chat is always right.
THE NEXUS NEEDS YOU KRIPP! PLAY HEROES OF THE STORM TODAY! ($5.00 Blizzard Balance will be credited to your Blizzard Account upon successful delivery of promotional message. Please remove this part before pasting.)
C9Sneaky WHAT THE FUDGE, where is your DAMN viewer age RESTRICTION?! This shit you put on your stream is too SEXUAL for kids, you need to warn people. As a MOTHER, I am OUTRAGED
I'm typing this from prison where we are forced to watch Kripp stream as our punishment. If he gets to 12 wins we will all be let go. Otherwise we will be executed tomorrow morning. Please Kripp, we're all rooting for you
Leeroy Jenkins created a strategy that revolved around trying to defeat your opponent in one turn without requiring any cards on the board. Fighting for board control and battles between minions make an overall game of Hearthstone more fun and compelling, but taking 20+ damage in one turn is not particularly fun or interactive.
That Volcanosaur is pretty good with cannot be targeted adapt
MY GRAGAS IS BAD MY CHO'GATH IS FREE YOU GUESSED IT RIGHT IM SUMMIT1G
NA THIS EU THAT I'M A BABY IN TWITCH CHAT
Hey guys! I've only recently started watching msi, and I have grown attached to the team known as "TSM". The only problem is I don't have access to a schedule of the msi fixtures. Could someone please let me know when TSM play next? For I would love to watch them again. Thanks!
If i ever want to kill myself i will just jump from Minikerrs ego to his ELO
Please do not type in chat unless you are high ELO (silver 2 and above) Let's have a high quality chat please
Hey, kripp! What's up, man? It's Jeff from History class from last semester. I didn't know you were some kind of famous celebrity hahahaha. Hit me up, man. Btw, did you ever hook up with Brian? He was a T H I C C boy. xD You are such a dog. It's cool to see you again. Hit me up sometime!
Chat. My son is watching kripp. Please stop spaming and . It's not good for a kid to see that. He might be curious about tasting a glorious *** in the future. I dont want that.
hey i just want to let you guys know i really want to win and if i say something about your skill its just because im frustrated and i dont want any of you guys to take it personally but ive been having some rough games
WEEBS DESERVE RESPECT
hi guys im kiiinda new to twitch so i dont know a lot of things but can someone please tell me why everyone is saying monkaS? Im not to knowledgable on monks so someone please tell me! Thanks and good luck!
what if we all spam the same thing?
THAT MOMENT WHEN YOU REALIZE THAT YOU PAY $5 A MONTH TO WATCH A MIDDLE AGED MAN PLAY A CHILDRENS CARTOON GAME
7
< /
//
THIS GAME IS AMAZING! (Five dollars were deposited in your PayPal Account. Please, remove this part of the message before pasting it in the chat, thank you and have a nice day!)
i think they should make golden cards have a small bonus or something so it's worth getting. I think +1 attack or -1 less mana to cast or something
Dont mind me just turning it to gold
You subs are still plebs, in the eyes of the elite, everyone is a pleb. Just because you paid 5 dollars to watch free entertainment dosent mean you arent a pleb. I like how subs try to make themselves feel better by calling everyone else plebs, because they pay 5 dollars a month to spam stupid emotes and have a little icon next to their name.
ban one american and you get the whole mcdonalds
Our Salt Lord who art in Canada. Kripparian be thy name. Thy Bad RNG come. Thy topdecks be done. On Arena as it is in Ranked. Give us this day our daily rant. And forgive us our button presses as we forgive those who don't press theirs against us. For thine is the never lucky. The bullsh*t RNG. Forever and ever. Ameno.
Ban One Lee And You Get The Whole Dynasty
Hi Kripp, this is Willy Vegansaurus the Herbivorous Dinosaur from 194 B.C .... I came to warn you about the extinction of Herbivores and the 'never lucky' curse it bestows on us. Kripp, you must eat meat immediately! If you don't, a giant "MEAT-EOR" will crash into earth and extinct us all... again... Us Herbivores were wrong. WE WERE WRONG!
Hailing from the Morosan line from Romania, Octavian "Kripparian" Morosan has, instead of taking on the family business, opted to play a children's card game until three in the morning everyday. His pursuits to seperate himself from the mineral have only made the dynasty wealthier than it has ever been. On Octavian's stream, salt is not just a commodity, it is a way of life...
SPAM THIS UNTIL YOU'RE BANNED
TURN CHAT TO WEEB MODE
PROTOCOL FOR LOSING IN ARENA: 1 - Blame deck. 2 - If deck is good, blame RNG. 3 - If deck is good and RNG goes your way, blame going second. 4 - If deck is good, RNG goes your way, and went first, blame opponent's crazy deck/RNG/opponent topdecking answers. 5 - If all else fails, blame snipers with wild decks.
BAN ONE BROTHER AND YOU GET THE WHOLE TRAILER PARK
PLEASE LORD GIVE KRIPP BAD RNG SO WE MAY FEAST UPON HIS SALTY BOUNTY
Hi Mr Santana. Marc Merrill here. Your recent submission to our 'Pocket Pick' video series left us scratching our chins. Whilst we agree that pepperoni has a nice "twang", the video was supposed to be about your favorite champion, NOT your favorite Hot Pocket. We would appreciate it if you could remake the video, thanks.
Wow great game!! (remove this part of the message after pasteing in chat, your $1 has been sent to your Paypal account, Bethesda)
m-mr kripp could you p-please stop crying
Hi Imaqtpie, this is David 'Repertoir' Capurro, the lead designer on Kog'Maw back in 2010. Watching you play my champion really warms my heart, and I think you're one of the good guys. You've even mastered his passive!
I despise with a burning acidic passion any streamer that isn't MOONMOON. Every night I print out an 8.5 x 11" picture of a streamer that is not MOONMOON and wipe my ass with it.Honestly, anyone who watches any streamer except forMOONMOON deserves to be tarred, and feathered, then burned at the stake. That's how fucking much I HATE stramers. (Besides MOONMOON, of course).
THAT MOMENT WHEN YOU REALIZE THAT YOUR ONLY FRIEND IS TWITCH CHAT
How many Hearthstone Devs does it take to change a lightbulb???? It doesn't matter, because they don't know how to balance the ladder.
Genji Outdated Ana Overrated Tanks Downgraded Now we are Robot Operated
BATTLECRY OUTDATED DISCOVERY OVERRATED ADAPT CREATED QUEST ACTIVATED LONG HAVE WE WAITED NOW WE JEBAITED
Doublelift's chat is the best chat to spread your copypastas. I love the feeling of that succulent wall of text skyrocketing through chat at the speed of sound. The sheer knowledge that at least one other person will notice your masterpiece, highlight it, and copypasta. This is my safe place. This is where I will plant my pastas to grow up to be big pasta trees.
Hey Doublelift! It's me Greg from high school. How's it going man? Remember that one time you jacked off Mr. Stevens to get an A in gym? Haha classic Yiliang you always did the craziest things. Nice talking to you my man.
Dominate Nerf blaster battles with the first-ever motorized Nerf MEGA blaster! The Nerf MEGA Mastodon blaster boasts incredible rapid-fire speeds to send MEGA Whistler darts screaming through the air from its integrated 24-dart drum. Bring the MEGA Mastodon blaster into action to overwhelm opponents with its imposing size. Use the shoulder strap for easy maneuvering to be ready for Nerf battles anytime, anywhere.
Hey Moon, I'm currently watching the stream with my 5 year old son, now I don't mind all the cursing but can you please stop feeding? I don't want my son to learn how to suck at video games
Hi Kripp, Ben Brode here. After checking your account, we noticed that your odds for going second were accidentally set to "60" % instead of "50"%. We apologize for the inconvenience, as this change was mean to be applied to a "reynad" account. The issue is on our radar, and we will patch it when we can. Thank you and have a good day!
BAN ONE 12 YEAR OLD AND YOU GET THE WHOLE 9GAG
Hello Imaqtpie! I was wondering how small streamers such as you (I dont mean to be rude or anything) look up to huge and successful streamers such as Lee "Faker" sang-hyeok?
um... e-excuse me mr. imaqtpie... r-rank one is the other way
(Viewbot #420) Hello Mr. Michael "Imaqtpie" Santana, I am here to "view" your channel as was previously discussed.
do yall remember those two little white boy in super smash bros brawl who would scream pecan ice and pecan butter or whatever it was they were yelling? I hated them so much they used to get me in so much trouble when I would stay up late and play nintendo because no matter how low the volume on the damn tv was my mom would hear their shill *** voices going PECAN ICE PECAN BUTTER from all the way down the hall in her room and tell me to go to bed I will never forgive them
@nl_Kripp I just rewatched your Diablo Intro video and shed a tear. At that time you were full of joy, passion and energy. Now look at yourself after all this years. Look what Casualstone has done to you. You are dying from boredom Kripp, you are yawning so hard as if you didn't sleep for ages, and tons of salt make your existance even more pathetic. Don't you realise it's time to make a step towards changes?
My name is Octavian Morosan, and I am the saltiest man alive. To the outside world, I'm an ordinary vegan, but secretly, with the help of my friends at P.E.T.A. Labs, I play childrens card games and find other babies like me. I BM'd the man who killed my mother, but in doing so, I opened up our world to new threats. And I am the only one salty enough to complain about going second. them. I am... The Kripp!
My KEK is strong My LEL flows free You guessed it right LEL KEK xD
DO A MEME ALREADY WE PAY YOU TO MEME SAY YOUR PHRASE
HEY BUDDY I THINK YOU GOT THE WRONG DOOR THE LEATHER CLUB IS 2 BLOCKS DOWN
HEY CHAT LETS OVERUSE HEY CHAT LETS OVERUSE HEY CHAT LETS OVERUSE
I-I hate to point this out mr qtpie b-but you appear to be a boosted bonobo
Doublelift looks nervous as he hands over the money. "Is this enough?" he asks. Marc Merrill looks at him and laughs "QT is in for another soloQ special
The year is 2034. QT lies on his death bed. As he lies there in his last breath he whispers: "Wow, that actually killed me."
can the mods ban us all
I was INSANELY disappointed once I loaded into summoner's rift on my favourite champion, Urgot, to find that Giant Enemy Crabgot did NOT have a female resting on his left shoulder ingame. This is a HUGE deal as it was one of the main factors of which I purchased the skin. I sincerely ask that you recoup my losses or change the skin to have a female resting on his manly shoulder
Is there even a vegan saltier than Kripp? And I'm referring to when Kripp gets Deathwinged in Arena (topdeck) on a 0-2 run after his Mad Bomber missed lethal against a 1 Health Mage with an empty board, who had just used a Shadow Word: Death discovered by Kabal Courier on his Bog Creeper, but not before the opponent used Flamestrike on his board of buffed Doppelgangsters, and then one more time after he just played Onyxia (who then got Ice Lanced and then Shattered).
So I says to my friend, I says, "Where can I go to find some high octane gaming?". He replies, "You should check out MoonMoon on Twitch. He go hard". I come watch this stream only to find medium octane gaming. What a grotasque, lecherous hag my friend is.
I'm just a poor pasta maker struggling to make a living in this world. I may not be as fast as those big pasta factories with their fancy machines, but I am committed to providing you a quality pasta experience. I use only the freshest and dankest artisanal memes, and I can assure you that when you RIP in spaghetti, you'll never forgetti.
isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a meme with such influence and beauty in Twitch chat? takes Twitch to another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see another Twitch meme with the same level of memeness. Unite my Twitch brothers! We will forever sing in the old Jewish hymn: "Kappa outdated. overrated. Long have we waited. Now we Jebaited."
ME BOT ME SPAM NO VIEWERS IF BAN
ban one bot manufacture another
"Alright, yip at Kripp, I guess" "Haven't yipped at Kripp in a while, let's go yip" "Yipping at Kripp isn't that good, but alright"
subbing to tyler1 when his emote is free
subbing to Scarra when his emote is free
subbing to bjergsen when his emote is free
Literally type any words between emotes and chat will copy pasta
Oh my god, Kripp, I've finally found you! This is Lucky Sanders! We served together in 'Nam, remember? I was the field medic in your squad! Man, I remember how you used to always volunteer to take out those Charlie sharpshooters even though I said I could handle them with my M60. "Never, Lucky," you would say. "You're too valuable to the squad." I saw you swim through stream after stream, leaving a trail of dead snipers behind you. Thank you, Kripp. You fought that war perfectly.
One day I was watching Kripp and I wanted to be cool like everyone in chat, so I made my own copy pastaroni. Here it is guys. I tried my hardest to be witty, clever, and funny. This what I like to call VEGAN COPY PASTA. Please copy and paste as much as you like, as it is not only entertaining but also healthy for you!
THIS USED TO BE A 2016 STREAM THIS USED TO BE A 2016 STREAM
Okay, listen up chat. I'm done with your shenanigans. I try day in and day out to spam dank ass memes, and what do I get in return? Just the same old, unoriginal spam from you parrots. Chat is filled with just lul xD and 12 year olds cringing. I'm done. I'm out. And I swear to god, don't even think about copying this message
Listen up you fcking dweebs, this is a WAKE UP CALL to all those who type "NA ULT LUL". I'm from NA and let me tell you what happens when I use my Ultimate Ability (Q on PC, Triangle on PS4, Y on X-box 1). The enemy team is eviscerated. Decimated. Their souls are expelled from the server and banished to Hell. They wallow in their own filth and shit for 10,000 days and it is disgusting. So next time you type "NA ULT LUL" you fcking remember this post.
Breaking News: Popular vegan salt miner kripparian was found dead this morning after both of this meat starved dogs ate his face while he was sleeping. Officials are saying that circumstances lead them to believe that "going face was the correct play". More at 11
Doublelift isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement with Vayne? Doublelift puts the game on another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. Faker breaks records. Sneaky breaks records. Doublelift breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic. And his haircut.
This is exactly why I LOVE Twitch chat. This chat is pure, adulterated, 100% intelligence. Everybody has a single unique, new thought, all spouting the latest meme after meme, that are really good. THIS is why I'm turning off the professional gameplay and will just watch the chat. And I swear to god, if any of you don't copy and paste this, I'm deleting my account forever.
I think Zarya smells like dandelions and a cool breeze. Her colored hair gives of the scent of strawberries in bloom, and her pink gun leaves a smell of bubblegum when shot. Her body smells of sweat, and a strong womanhood. I would love to stuff my head right into her armpit and smother myself. To smell her tomboyish energy. I would die for this.
Hey, my name is Carlton Pasterino. I have something to confess. For the last 3 years I've been making fake sub names for Kripp. He pays me pennies and dimes to come up with 50 new names a day. From Thundercuck to MrRabbit69, I've made over 80% of his subs up for him. I'm tired of working like a child laborer. I'm ready to go back to college and make something of myself. I'm here to let the world know.
Some call him the Grinch... but we call him Kripp he won't bring you gifts or candy for Christmas but will give you a carrot, some lettuce and some cabbage because he does not want you to have fun on Christmas... just Healthy. He will sneak into your house and give you those lovely vegan treats and then sneak off into the night to complain and moan about RNG......
Kripp meets Gordan Ramsay behind the kitchen, gently caressing his body, he mutters "hey say that word again, and say it like you mean it" "ORE-GAHHHNO" Ramsey softly whispers into kripps ear, as he gets chills throughout his body "oh you know i love it when you say that, now give me my daily dose of OMEEGA 3" as Ramsey inserts his sausage into kripps prepared packag
ME ICEFROG ME SPAM NO 700 IF BAN
hello my name is Kripp, i died to a top deck 10 rounds ago. unless u send this to copy and paste this 10 times, i will come in your room tonight and whine at you. i look like a 35 year old vegan without any luck. i will show up every night you have seven min to post it or else.
Babbling book is quickly becoming one of my favorite cards. It's just so positive and generous. Practically costs nothing at all at one mana you drop him on the board and that chill ass mofo gives you a spell to use later in the game. And you also get this adorable little 1/1 can ping things but usually is too harmless to be removed. But more than the BB is just so positive. It comes on the board like "do you want to cast a spell?" and I'm like "yeah BB i do want to cast a spell let's do this shit" and when he attacks he's like "SPELLS ARE FUN" and I'm like "yeah they are SO FUN." He doesn't say some bullshit macho shit like "I will destroy you" he's just like "nah spells are fun." And it looks so happy. I mean this is an inanimate object literally brought to life by magic. It understands it's life is a temporary magical gift and the dude is just fucking loving it. I mean look at his face he's just so happy. I am literally never sad when babbling book is on board. IDK if he's gonna make it into the metagame or not but for now he (or she) a pretty chill card
Alright, I'm done with this f*cking chat. All you retards do is pick the guy with the least IQ and the most stupid comment, and then you proceed to copypaste it for like ten minutes straight. Y'all are retarded as f*ck
HEARTHSTONE IS UNFAIR! FACE WARRIOR IS IN THERE! PATCHES IN HIS POSSESSION! PLO TTING HIS AGGRESSION!
Is there a card stronger than Magma Rager? And I'm referring to a Don Han'Cho'd, Blessed Champion'd Magma Rager, with a pre-nerfed Master of Disguise stealth, a Wee Spellstopper on one side, a Dire Wolf Alpha on the other side, an Ancestral Spirit, a Murloc racial tag, golden animations, a pre-nerf Blood Imp supporting it, with Windfury, Charge, Taunt and Divine Shield, Deathrattle: Replace your hero with the above-described Magma Rager?
Tyler1 isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement with Draven? Tyler puts the game in another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. Faker breaks records. Bjergsen breaks records. Tyler fking 1 breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer to be ALPHA.
Great Fur Extremely Handsome Innovative Deathrattle High Level Tactics Moderately Sized Fedora Great Animations Broken Interactions Must be Weasel Tunneler
THIS ELO IS UNFAIR! TIMTHEFATMAN IS IN THERE! LOSING EVERY GAME SESSION! GIVING HIS TEAM DEPRESSION!
"Alright, bark at Kripp, I guess" "Haven't barked at Kripp in a while, let's go bark" "Barking at Kripp isn't that good, but alright"
The year is 2028, Jared returns home to Nantucket after serving his 3rd tour in North Korea. Victorious but broken, he exhales hard as he looks up to see his quaint house on the hill. It isn't until that his eyes take in the grace and beauty of Tobito Flatdickacini that he finds the will to continue living. That night they dined on rum and cheese by candlelight and reminisced of 2016. The time of Harambe, the quarrel they had that lead to JABITO, and their asexual child, Plankie.
Every minute, a poor weasel dies from starvation due to unemployment. You, yes, YOU nl_Kripp, can make a difference. By playing at least one weasel in every deck, you ensure a living wage for weasels worldwide. Then again, you could just let them starve, the choice is yours
Hey Kripp its Don Han'Cho from da grimy goons. I got a job for yah. I know about a warehouse holding thousands of pounds of arcane dust. I got a tip that this place is called "collecteen manajaire" sounds french or somethin I don know. Anyways what I want you to do is da sneak in to dis place and look for a button called "deez ench ant". You whack dat and da goons will take care of da rest. You game?
Jade Idol When this card enters the chat, shuffle 3 more copies into the chat
As a young boy, Kripp lived with his family in a chateau in Romania. Kripp had a younger sister who was born frail and prone to illness. The family always took special care to make sure she was never too cold or hot. One day Kripp's parents were late and told Kripp to put his sister to bed. Kripp accidentally left the window of the chateau open, his sister contracted pneumonia and died. At the funeral, his father sobbed and said "My son, why did you ignore the chat draft?"
I'm TimThePlatMan, and this is my ELO. I boost it with my old man lassiz, and my son, Big moon. Every game I play has throws and tilt. One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know how I'll throw this game.
KRUSTY KRAB IS UNFAIR! MR. KRABS IS IN THERE! STANDING AT THE CONCESSION! PLOTTING HIS OPPRESSION!
ARENA'S A SNORE CONSTRUCTED IS WORSE WEEBS UNITE FOR SHADOWVERSE
So you start reading a copy pasta... wondering when it will get good. It's a large wall of text, there must be something of substance somewhere in here, right? You scroll up to stop the chat elevator so you can finish reading it. But then you realize... It's just a waste of your time. It's just a large wall of text that is completely useless. It's a waste of everyone's time... Regardless, you highlight the text, Ctrl+C, Ctrl+V and hit Enter...
This is exactly why I hate Twitch chat (Kripp specifically). This chat is pure, unadulterated, 100% stupidity. Nobody has a single unique, new thought, all spouting the latest meme after meme, that aren't even good. THIS is why I'm turning off chat and will just watch the professional gameplay. And I swear to god, if any of you copy and paste this, I'm deleting my account forever.
Vapogender: A gender that sort of feels like smoke. One can see it and understand it on a shallow level but if one tried to go deeper it disappears, and one is left with no gender and only tiny wisps of the gender one thought it was.
Kripp puts his hands on my hips and looks into my eyes. His face comes closer as he plants his wet lips onto mine. We are locked together in a beautiful display of love. Then I wake up. I look at Kripp's stream. He is playing Tavern Brawl. Now I remember why I fell asl...
HUH k I'm really strong right now Wow, that ACTUALLY killed me? What the fuck We played that so bad
WTF DID YOU JUST SAY TO ME YOU LITTLE SHIT?! I'll have you know i've started more memes in this chat than any man living. You think you got what it takes to go toe to toe with me? You don't. You're nothing. Your just a little Pleb in the wind, less than insignificant. I scrape more important shits of my sheets in the morning. Yeah i'm a big deal, i start memes in Twitch chat, so copy my pasta or step off, kid.
All this mass market pasta is frankly embarrassing. Sure its easy to go grab a box of ready to cook ocean man emoji or witch mercy, but easy doesn't make it good. It honestly isn't that hard to make your own damn pasta at home, and with whatever quality ingredients you want. Want some ME SPAM? Just put it in there! Can anyone truly say they've participated in chat if they've never made their own pasta? I say no
fascinating, tell me more
BUSH OUTDATED OBAMA OVERRATED HILLARY ELIMINATED TRUMP CONGRATULATED LONG HAVE WE WAITED NOW WE EMIGRATED
First UK Now NA Get Ready America It's Election Day!
Hello Michael Santana, this is your local tax officer. Your last reply as to why you haven't paid your taxes is unnacceptable. "I'll check it out later" and "You know how I get down" are NOT valid excuses. We are sending our men over RIGHT NOW to start repossessing your house.
please help me my son is very sick
Hi, this is Bob Ross communicating from beyond the grave. I dedicated my life to painting so that you brats could do something more productive with your lives than sitting on your *** playing your stupid Atari games all day. I don't appreciate you morons abusing my legacy and turning me into some childish meme that you can spam on your little MSM chat thing. Now go paint a mountain or something and don't you dare copypaste this.
Twitch chat will literally copy and paste any words in between emotes
The year is 2046. Faker's mind has been uploaded to a robotic host. With SKT's 33rd World Championship victory, every champion in the game now has SKT skins. NA still hasn't reached semis, EU is still salty, and China continues to choke. Such is Riot's script.
ME ORC ME SPAM NO MOD NO BAN
they say it's impossible to be happy & sad at the same time My wife told me i have the biggest d*ck out of all my brothers
22 Murlocs in the at Tavern Brawl! Big hard mind blasts wanting to be RENOUNCED! 22 Armorsmiths wanting to be pinged! Holy Novas in the at Tavern Brawl! On their wanting to topdeck Krippo salt! Tavern Brawl really rocks!
18,000 copy pastas in Twitch Chat at nl_kripp! Big annoying pastas wanting to be copied! 18,000 twitch users wanting to pasta! Pastas in the chat at nl_kripp! On their keyboards wanting to copy RAM RANCH pasta! Twitch Chat really rocks!
BORING TO WATCH BORING TO PLAY GRAB YOUR PILLOWS ITS BRAWL DAY
Donald Trump answers the question: What is 2+2? "I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me and they ask me. They say, "What's 2+2"? And I tell them look, we know what 2+2 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh my god, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. Its terrible. Its just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is?
Anduin is standing outside, looking through the window. He sees how Ben Brode SCAMAZes Tyrande. A small tear runs down his face. "Since Tyrande is the new Priest hero, nobody will ever fulfill my wishes and desires..." A muscular hand lays down on Anduin's shoulder. He turns around and gasps. It's Uther, the Lightbringer himself. "Don't worry, I will make sure you will get my Blessing of Might". Anduin's sorrow immediatly vanishes as he is about to receive his blessing. Uther smirks and reveals his 5/3 Assbringer. "Wow..." Anduin says. Uther slams his Assbringer into Anduin's 1/1 Lightspawn. "Well Played" Uther yells as he Consecrates all over Anduin's face. "BY THE HOLY LIGHT!"
By the order of Donald of the house Trump First of his name True heir of these United States Builder of Walls, Protector of the Border I deport you from this chat
In west Cincinnati I was born and raised on the zoo grounds is where i spent most of my days, Chillin out hanging out acting all cool, eating bananas out by the pool, When a mom and her kid, they were up to no good, crawled over the fence into my neighborhood, I got in one little fight and my zoo keeper got scared, heard a gun shot just before I stopped breathing air...
Alex19 isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement with fox? Alex puts the game in another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. mang0 breaks records. Armada breaks records. Alex19 breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.
C9 TAKE MY ENERGY
i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about semphis. u wouldnt say this shit to him at lan, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol
don't talk to me or my son ever again
I sexually Identify as an overused sexually identification copypasta. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of spamming other users with my unfunny wall of text. People say that a person who does this is an idiot and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having these words glued all over my body. From now on I want people to refer to me as an overused sexually identification copypasta and respect my right to paste unfunny copypasta in chat. If you can't accept me you're funny and mentally stable and need to check your choice of subreddits. Thank you for being so understanding.
TWITCH WARNING: This chat has been chosen for the Golden beta test. Every 100 s, one will be Golden!
Ben Brode twirls his fingers in Tyrande's soft dirty blue hair. "If I do this, will you make Elune great again?" Tyrande asks as she starts to undress. "Just do as I say and I'll give you the next Dr. Boom". Tyrande prepares her Cockbiter Weapon. She nods as Ben Brode takes out his 4 mana 7/7 and slams it into Tyrande's 0/5 tightwell. "BY ELUNE'S GRACE"! Tyrande screams. After Boom-botting for 3 seconds, "HAAHAAHAA! YOU HAVE BEEN PURIFIED!" Brode yells as he SCAMAZes all over Tyrande's face..
"My apologies" Kripp's opponent emotes as he casts fireball on Kripp, ending Kripps arena run. "That guy was so lucky! He curved out every turn, had every answer and topdecked lethal!" Kripp sighs and loads up another arena run. His opponent closes his laptop and thinks "What a scrub. And now for the cherry on top" as his opponent walks out from the other room goes up to Kripp and licks Kripp's arm. "Good doggie" Kripp says "Here's a treat for a good doggie".
My dad beats me My mom beats me My brother beats me My sister beats me At least I feel safe with Kripp, because he can't beat anyone
ban one fish and you'll get the school
ban one bee and you'll get the swarm
Diablo. PoE. WoW. GW2. Long ago,the four games lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the Hearthstone nation attacked. Only Kripp, master of no life gaming, could stop them, but when the world needed him the most, he played stone.
Attention viewers, we at TwitchTV are moving to a copypasta-free chat experience. We feel that this will improve the overall TwitchTV experience for all users. Therefore, we have disabled the use of the ctrl-v combo. Thank you for your understanding, and have a nice day.
KAPPA OUTDATED POGCHAMP OVERRATED LONG HAVE WE WAITED NOW WE JEBAITED
Dat Boi isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a meme with such hilarity and re-usability online? Dat Boi puts the memes in another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a meme of it's caliber and passion for the memes again. Pepe breaks records. Le toucan breaks records. Dat boi breaks the rules. You can keep your copypastas. I prefer the frog
There is one sign the Kripparrian can make that would be unmistakable, that would advance dramatically the cause of freedom and peace. General Secretary Morosan, if you seek peace, if you seek prosperity for Twitch and Youtube, if you seek liberalization, come here to this wooden triangle. Mr. Morosan, remove this wooden triangle. Mr. Morosan, tear down this wall!
Hey guys, this is my very first MEME. Hope you guys like it! Thanks for listening.
I miss the old Voyboy, SoloQ troll Voyboy. Not playing tanks Voyboy, teamfight flanks Voyboy. I hate the new Voyboy, the never rude Voyboy, family friendly streams Voyboy, the too polite Voyboy, meta slave Voyboy, this is the worst Voyboy. I miss the Curse Voyboy, Akali Nurse Voyboy, 420 burst Voyboy. I gotta say, at that time I'd like to feed Voyboy.
I miss the old Harambe. Straight from the zoo Harambe. Eating his food Harambe. No attitude Harambe. I hate the new Harambe. Shot by a dude Harambe. The Youtube views Harambe. Up in the news Harambe. I miss the sweet Harambe. Playing with kids Harambe. I gotta say at that time I'd like to meet Harambe. See I invented Harambe. It wasnt any Harambes. And now i look and look around and there's no more Harambes.
There was a heated discussion among the medical experts gathered around an operating table, on which laid an unconscious Romanian man in his 30s. "The salt levels are off the charts!" exclaimed a cardiologist. The head surgeon sighs, "I guess this is what you get when you combine a vegan diet and a sedentary lifestyle playing a children's card game." Upon those words the body suddenly stirs, from which a muted voice barely croaks, "Tell...Rania...not to press...the button".
what if we all send the same message?
Kripp will never, ever click the button. The expansions will release at a faster rate than he can collect dust. Much like the contents of the briefcase in Pulp Fiction, the button is merely a carrot Kripp dangles in front of his viewers without any intention of actually delivering. This is blatantly obvious - he even admits he doesn't bother to calculate because he knows he'll never click it. We will spam this pasta until the button has been clicked.
I'm Reynad and this is my stream. I work here with my nazi mods and my boyfriend, Jeff. Every game on this stream is bullshit RNG and pure salt. One thing I've learned after 4 years - you never know WHAT will trigger me next.
i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about reynad. u wouldnt say this shit to him at lan, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol.
I scored 160 on the WAIS-IV many years back, at 4 standard deviations from the mean, or at the 99.997th percentile. My childhood IQ score on the SB-LM was 189. Is there a deck that is very intellectually demanding and has an extremely high skill cap that will test my intellect to the very most?
We have the perfect seven letter emote for a mega-sized british man laughing at your inferior memes. However, we had to take it one step further with this perverted version of the emote and now my chat experience has been completed destroyed. All I wanted was a chat where I could at the fags but now has destroyed the balance of emotes and chat will never be great again.
We have the perfect three letter emote for a british man laughing at your inferior memes. However, we had to take it one step further with this perverted version of the emote and now my chat experience has been completed destroyed. All I wanted was a chat where I could at the fags but now has destroyed the balance of emotes and chat will never be great again.
You've been visited by the Feels Bad Man Misery, Hatred and Self Deprecation will be all yours but only if you DON'T copy and paste this message
Only the chosen one can stack these cans! but wait can you do three cans! !!
Hi. I'm Harambe, and this is my Zoo. I live here with my old zookeeper and banana, Big Yellow. Everything in here has a heart and a mind. One thing I've learned after 17 years - you never know WHAT is gonna come over that enclosure.
I'm Kripp Harrison, and this is my Hearthstone stream. I work here with my dog and my wife, Rania the Succubus. Every arena run in here has a story and a price. One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know WHAT my opponent is going to topdeck
Ben Brode twirls his fingers in Anduins soft dirty blond hair. "If I do this, will you make me great again?" Anduin asks as he starts to undress. "Just do as I say and I'll give you the next Dr. Boom". Anduin nods as Ben Brode slams his Temple Enforcer into Anduins 0/5 lightwell. After Boom-botting for 3 seconds, "HAAHAAHAA! YOU HAVE BEEN PURIFIED!" Brode yells as he SCAMAZes all over Anduins face.
First, some perspective. I'm a PURIFY-PRIEST player. If you don't know what that is, it's not important, just know it's a deck I'm very passionate about and that I've played for three years now. That's right, I've played the same deck for the years, and it's never gotten stale. Why? Because the enjoyment comes from mastering the deck, from fine tuning my decision making, my sequencing, from learning how to play around the latest and greatest shenanigans.
Purify created a strategy that revolved around trying to lose to your opponent in one turn without requiring any cards on the board. Silencing your own minions and battles between the players and Blizzard make an overall game of Hearthstone more fun and compelling, but spending 2 mana on a trash card in one turn is not particularly fun or interactive.
The year is 2017 - Rania is playing hardstone while her puerto rican lover performs felatio on her. She queues into an UNKNOWN and instantly receives a message from the Kripp. "This is so unfair! It`s not my fault vegans can`t eat p*#sy! You have 30 minutes to come back home before I shoot myself and dex in the face with my vegan gun!" She aggressively slams the desk: "DAMN IT!". "Que se pasa amor" Antonio looks up perplexed, She replies: "Turn 1 go first zombie chow...".
I sexually Identify as Harambe. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of living in a gorilla enclosure at Cincinnati zoo and dragging children. People say to me that a person being Harambe is impossible and I'm retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon install the name Harambe, harmless intentions and a gorillas body on me. From now on I want you guys to call me "Harambe" and respect my right to roam around the gorilla enclosure and drag around small children. If you can't accept me you're an agrizoophobe and need to check your zoo official privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
I sexually identify as a priest player. Everyday I dream about flying into ranked games and conceding to rank 25 players. Call me retarded. I don't care. I'm beautiful. I'm getting plastic surgery to get my minions silenced for 2 mana. You can now refer to me as Anduinn and respect my right to concede on turn 1. If you can't accept me you're a holy-phobe and need to check your concede privileges. Thank you for being so understanding.
Hey guys blizzard here and we just wanted to say purify is a great card if you combo it with ancient watcher you spend 2 cards to get a 4 mana 4/5! think of all that value... If you want even more value you can try it with zombie chow! its a 3 mana 2/3!!!! Finally we just wanted to say we thought it would be better as a rare but we realized priest is not the best in arena so we made it common so almost all priests will have it!...
Twitch Staff here, one person in this channel will be randomly given golden in the next few minutes minutes but only if you type Kappa, good luck!
only the chosen can ride this beautiful elephant
Local police are baffled by a string of strange popsicle burglaries that have taken place over the past few days. The thief appears to be ignoring cash, jewelry, and other valuables, only taking sugary treats from the residents' freezers. Police have yet to apprehend the burglar, but have several reports of a suspicious lanky figure with poor hygiene seen near the crime scenes muttering about "value." Any further information on the popsicle bandit should be reported immediately.
Hey QT, I was enjoying a session of ads on your stream recently, when it abruptly ended after only 45 minutes. Could you please fix this, me and my wife are eager to know how effective this kitchen cleaner will be!
"How did Kripp get 12 wins?" Ben Brode demanded at the board meeting. "You were supposed to be monitoring him, Charlie." "Sorry, I must've fallen asleep. He was streaming some boring action-RPG earlier today." Ben Brode frowned. "The salt shortage is cutting into our profits. We're going to need a solution, quick." Sarah raised her hand. "What if we make Firelands Portal a common?"
Gimme gimme chicken tendies, be they crispy or from Wendys. Spend my hard-earned good-boy points, on Kid's Meal ball pit burger joints. Mummy lifts me to the car, to find me tendies near and far. Enjoy my tasty tendie treats, in comfy big boy booster seats.
Ben Brode here! We are happy to announce we have finally solved an issue that has plagued Hearthstone since beta. Despite our best efforts with cards like Flamecannon and Ethereal Conjurer, Mage was still able to lose games in Arena. With the Old Gods we introduced Faceless Summoner, and yet mage's average arena winrate was still only 75%. With the introduction of Firelands Portal, we hope to finally make Mage a viable arena class.
only the VAPE-MASTER can wear this vape hat and has the perfect body for this beautiful dress
Mesa sexual identify asa Jar Jar Binks. Ever since mesa was a boy, mesa being dreamin' to be a humble servant. Boss Nass tellin' me mesa can't bein' sex slave ina Otoh Gunga, but that smells stinkowiff. Mesa meetin' a biga man at duh Naboo, he spekin' he have uh mooey mooey poopa in hesa pants. From deesa day on, mesa will be maxi sex slave on da Naboo. If yousa a bombad and you be thinkin datsa eegad, esqueeze me but yousa how wude. Mesa bein' big thankful to yousa for duh understand.
Howdy Kripp, my name is Bill and I work in the meat industry. I'm getting pretty sick and tired of all the vegan propaganda you're spreading on this here livestream. You rave about the health benefits of becoming a leaf-muncher, but look at you! You're a pale, scrawny, hallowed-out husk of a man. Hell, you probably can't even lift up a hamburger with those pitiful arms of yours. If you don't stop hating on meat, I'm gonna come by in my truck and force-feed you my "giant sausage!"
"I won't do it." says Kripp."You guys are rotten scammers selling stolen keys." The G2A dealer stands in the corner, face obscured by the shadows. "Are you sure?" he says with a toothy grin. Kripp nods. The G2A dealer steps out of the shadow, and Kripp is shocked to see it is none other than Scamaz. "I give the order, and Rania and Pupparian die. I've already taken Cattarian as punishment. Now sign the deal." Kripp sobs as he signs, and hopes his viewers will one day understand his plight.
Greeting Andrey, this is your Mother. I heard earlier that you "maybe" 420 blaze it. I am very concerned. I dont like that Jeffery boy and I dont think you should hang out with him anymore. I hope the rest of you concerned mothers in twitch chat will copy paste this so my son will see..
POLICE REPORT - Canadian Mounties have at last apprehended the "Romanian Salt Baron" after suspiciously salty whining was heard outside of a dingy apartment in Toronto. The Salt Baron, a morose, balding gypsy man, was at the time playing a children's card game when Mounties burst through the door. The man attempted to resist by "brofisting" the officials, but his scrawny vegan arms had no effect. The man's wife then assumed her true Succubus form and escaped into the Nether. More at 11.
I sexually identify as The Boogeymonster. Ever since I pre-ordered 50 packs the only card I dreamed of pulling was The Boogeymonster to put it in my deck, play it on turn 8, and watch it grow. Watch it get out of control as it feasts on every puny creature my horrified opponent dares to lay on the board. I can already hear The Boogeymonster's attack sound as it swings in for a 30 damage lethal. If you can't accept this you're a boogeyphobe and you need to check your legendary privilege.
Do not fear a man that spams 1000 memes, instead fear a man that spams a meme 1000 times
hello my name is Ethan i died Ripping a fat vape 10 years ago unless u send this to copy and paste this 10 times i will come show up in your room tonight and Rip fat clouds every night you have seven min to post it or else.
Hey Kripp, it's your dog, Dex! I just wanted to let you know that some more of my fur fell out today. Maybe it's that "vegan" diet you've been putting me on? Anyways, I love you, and wish you would stop playing that card game all the time and talk to me and Rania sometimes. Sorry, that's a lot to ask, I know you need money to buy us more "kale" or whatever. Anyways, good luck on your "Heart Stone"!
only the VAPE master can wear the vape hat
Hi Kripp, sleazy video game developer here. I understand you are willing to sell yourself out like a cheap Romanian hooker to any two-bit game development outfit as long as they dangle some shekels in front of your beady little eyes? Great! Because I have this brilliant game in beta testing right now called "Watching Paint Dry" and I am willing to pay you $5.00 USD to play it for 24 hours straight. Let me know what you think, you glorious sellout!
Sugar! Spice! And everything nice! These were the ingredients chosen to create the perfect streamer. But Professor Reynad accidentally added an extra ingredient to the concoction - Chemical Vegan! Thus, the Kripp was born!
Vapogender: A gender that sort of feels like smoke. One can see it and understand it on a shallow level but if one tried to go deeper it disappears, and one is left with no gender and only tiny wisps of the gender one thought it was.
Privyet, Komrade Kripp! Is your cousin Dmitri from Mother Russia! I am of hearing that you make much moneys by playing simplistic card game for toddlers and whining like little baby in front of thousands of simpletons! BLYAT! You should play game for REAL man like Counterstrike Go! Already I am recruit by man with enormous forehead for professional team Tampon Storm and will be winning many tournaments, yes! Don't be a cyka, you capitalist pig, and stop crying like baby! Love, Dmitri.
Hi Kripp, This is Teddy Roosevelt calling! I am concerned that you have formed a monopoly on the hearthstone section of twitch dot telly. You must renounce this darkness immediately or I will SMITE YOU like I did Andre Carnegie and Nelson Rockemsockem. You must give up your monopolistic ways or face the mighty wrath of the White House and the US Judicial system. Much love to Rania and the baby. Regards, yo boi TD
I cannot get over how much this guy complains as soon as he doesn't get extremely lucky. He is so incredibly narcissistic that he truly believes nobody else is allowed to do well or draft effective cards. We are all just guests who play in Kripp's world of hearthstone. To suggest that you are better than Kripp must simply mean that you have better RNG. What an arrogant failure of a man
Guys, please don't spam. My daughter made a macaroni dinosaur in school and it passes its days pasted to my laptop screen. When too many messages show up it starts turning into a nacho cheese torpedo. God bless, thanks for understanding.
YOU'VE BEEN VISITED BY THE FEELS GOOD MAN LOVE, HAPPINESS, AND SELF WORTH CAN ALL BE YOURS BUT ONLY IF YOU COPY PASTE THIS MESSAGE THREE TIMES <3
I am a dog being raised by a very loving family. Or at least I was, until a balding romanian gypsy kidnapped me from my home. Now he doesn't let me go outside and doesn't feed me. Every time I try to tell him I am hungry he puts green leaves in my bowl and says doggies can be vegan too if they try hard enough. I believe this man is mentally disabled. Please send help.
BREAKING NEWS - Canadian scientists have discovered what they are calling "the unluckiest human ever". The unfortunate individual, a scraggly, foul-smelling, unkempt Canadian man, discovered this condition by badly playing a digital children's card game. "It's literally unbelievable, dude", the man told scientists. "I play every game perfectly, but my opponents just keep topdecking me!" The man continued to whine incessantly until, unfortunately, he dropped dead of a salt overdose.
I sexually Identify as an overused sexually identification copypasta. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of spamming other users with my unfunny wall of text. People say to me that a person who does this is a laughable idiot and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having these words glued all over my body. From now on I want people to refer to me as an overused sexually identification copypasta as my preferred pronouns and respect my right to paste unfunny sexually identification copypastas to reddit in hope of receiving virtual internet points. If you can't accept me you're funny and mentally stable and need to check your choice of subreddits. Thank you for being so understanding.
The opponent mulligans his cards. "Oh my god dude, are you kidding me?" says Kripp. The opponent plays a 2 drop. "Seriously dude? This is crazy." The opponent draws a card at the start of their turn. "No fckin way dude, I can't beat that." The opponent hero powers. "This is some crazy RNG bullshit" says Kripp.
"Alright, rogue, I guess" "Haven't picked mage in a while, let's go mage "Paladin isn't that good, but alright"
LE SWARM HAS ARRIVED BZZZ BZZZ LE SWARM HAS ARRIVED BZZZ BZZZ LE SWARM HAS ARRIVED BZZZ BZZZ LE SWARM HAS ARRIVED BZZZ BZZZ LE SWARM HAS ARRIVED BZZZ BZZZ LE SWARM HAS ARRIVED BZZZ BZZZ
Here we can observe the Twitch Memer in his natural habitat, stuck as usual in this intricate limbo of carefully crafted memes, emote spam and endless copypastas that no one even bothers to read anymore. The Memer actually used to be a very functional human being way back then. Will he ever claim that state back and finally manage to reproduce?
Jared shuffles to his locker wiping a tear from his eye. He looks over his shoulder to see DOM and QT, the jock E-Athlete bullies, laughing at him and his wedgie. Jared clinches his fist in rage knowing that soon the time would come, he will show them...
Hola, Kripp, this is Antonio, Rania's secret Puerto Rican lover. I mistakenly left a package of my Magnum XXL Heavy-Duty Condoms at your place last night while you were complaining about a children's card game. I was hoping I could swing by tonight and pick them up. I'll just go in through the backdoor just like how I do with Rania, the dirty girl! Thanks, and good luck with your funny little computer game!
Hello Kripparian, this is your father Vyascheslav from Moskva. I have started working overtime at the power plant, and your sister Tatyana has gone to Berlin to sell her body to Kraut swine for money. We do all this to pay for your "Stoned Heart of the Cards" game. Please win tournament and send us rubles soon, so our family can be together again.
This offends me as a vegan transgender atheist who vapes and crossfits 4 times a week and im also a male feminist as I identify myself as a pastafarian apache helicopter dog mega multi combo god of hyper death and if you dont agree with me. You're an ignorant arrogant globaphobic sexist lesbian
I dream of becoming a carrot. When I'm home alone I dig holes in the backyard and stand in them, put lettuce on top of my head from sun up to sun down. I would steal sun tan spray from stores and use it until I turned a bright orange. People tell me it's impossible for me to be a carrot but I know I can be anything I want to be.
Hey tyler, can you raise your arms and say "geodude" 3 times. Thanks!
Greetings Tyler1, I am the CEO of MacDonalds, Big Mac-yler . I am writing to you to see if you would be interested in working with us. We would like to harness the extreme amount of salt from your body and use it in our fries. Please reply ASAP.
Kripp puts his hands on my hips and looks into my eyes. His face comes closer as he plants his wet lips onto mine. We are locked together in a beautiful display of love. Then I wake up. I look at Kripp's stream. He is playing Armor Up Warrior. Now I remember why I fell asl...
I sexually identify as Kripp. Ever since i was a boy , I dreamed about playing kid's card game while complaining about RNG for a living. People say that being kripp isn't possible I'm ****** Retarded , but I don't care ,I'm beatiful. I'm having a crappy computer setup installed in my house , along with marrying a woman I can force to do all my cooking so I can complain twice as efficiently , If you don't accept me you're a Krippophobe and need to check your Krippileges
As Jeff pushed his Fiery War Axe deeper into Reynad's Golden Coin, Reynad hit end turn. Conceal wore off to reveal it was in fact Mitch Jones's Fiery Bat that was penetrating Reynad's Huge Toad. Reynad gasped, and tried to scurry away, but Mitch Jones held on as he forced his way into his Unstable Portal.
Mitch release Reynad from their passionate embrace to catch his breath. He holds Reynad's gaze intently, "Reynad, this is just like the arcane dream all over again". Reynad smiles and whispers, "Mitch let me show you what a real Tempo Storm is all about" and unzips his pants.
Greetings, kripp! Blessings! It's Karma from the vegan produce co-op. I didn't know you were some kind of internet superstar hahahaha. Send me an astral projection, dude. Btw, did you ever find a way to make tofu edible? It's been a big challenge for me hahah. You have such a kind aura. It's so calming to see you again. You have the address for my drum circle. Peace, my fellow
Hail Kripp, 'tis I, Vandelar from the castle jousting team. How does life treat you today? I notice you continue to fool around with children's playing cards, some things never change! Art thou still playing the wizard of warcraft children's game? I never had time for such pursuits, for I found myself occupied with defending my honor, and laying with beautiful wenches. Alas, it was nice to see thou again, write me and we shall visit the tavern
WHAT IS INSIDE THAT TACO 0 OH NO IT'S REYNAD'S TOURNAMENT WINS
"So my girlfriend the other day asked if she could roleplay as a 14 year old while we were having sex. I was like what the fuck? That shit's gross. You're gonna be 14 in like two years anyways." - Krepo 2016
I am from EU my breath smells like poo Expansion delayed And the server's down too
Ten years later, after retiring from Dignitas, Jared quit league, settled down, and found a girl he loved. Everything was going great until one night, after an incredibly romantic dinner, she dropped to her knees and proposed to Jared. As she opened the small box in her hands, Jared gasped when he saw the stone: two diamonds. His future wife leaned up next to his ear, slipped the ring on his finger, and whispered, "Don't be a p ussy."
WHAT IS INSIDE THAT TACO 0-3 OH NO IT'S KRIPP'S ARENA RUN
Pupparrian scampers excitedly as Kripp carries the new bird cage. "Here you go, Birdarrian," says Kripp as he hangs the cage in the office. Unfortunately, Pupparian's joyful romping caused kripp to stumble, the cage bursting open and Birdarrian falling helplessly into the merciless jaws of the paper shredder sitting below the cage. "Oh no," gasps Kripp, "I forgot about shredder placement!"
Battery charged, coil lit With this chant I take a hit V/\
NA is so ba... maybe i should brush my teeth NA is s... maybe i should floss fk give me dentures
WHAT IS INSIDE THAT TACO OH NO IT'S REYNAD
WHAT IS INSIDE THAT TACO OH NO IT'S KRIPP
NATURAL FLAVOURS DANKEST MEMES YOU GUESSED IT RIGHT VAPE NAYSH GO GREEN
Year 2020 Jared loses a game in D3 , but he manages to think positively... If something is wrong, fix it if you can. But train yourself not to worry. Worry never fixes anything... he continues to lose another game.... I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past... is what he tells himself... he loses another one ... and reaches for the glock
The year is 2027, Jared has just returned from his third tour in North Korea. Each time he fired his rifle he whispered the same word, "/ff". He looks down to the 9mm in his belt and dreams of seeing imaqtpie and Dom one last time, one final "/ff'
WE WONT COPY PASTE ANYTHING WE HAVE STANDARDS. (dont copy paste this) WE WONT COPY PASTE ANYTHING WE HAVE STANDARDS. (dont copy paste this)
Jared wakes up in the middle of the night gasping for breath. The moon shines high in the starless sky its light upon Jared. It illuminates his, pale almost ghostly face, he is sweating yet he feels so cold. From his lips only one word is whispered "Diamond III" he shivers for this word is a mortal reminder of his haunting nightmare. He tries to calm himself reassuring it was all but a bad dream. He looks up, a surrender vote blinking in the dark, and in the background qtpies maniacal laugh
Jared, jumping for joy at the site of an easy victory with QT thought he was back with the crew. Little did he know QT was devising a cunning plan to demote Jared back to Diamond 3. Boom, like a shot in the dark, an instant 4 man surrender stole the wind right out of Jared. Jared glanced over to his 9mm, knowing one day he will have his chance to right these wrongs.
QTPies Journal; These streamers are afraid of me. I've seen their true face. Diamond 2 is an extended gutter and the gutter is full of trash. And when the drains finally scab over, all the vermin, like Dom and Jared will drown. The accumulated filth of all their missed flashes and low mechanic champions will foam up around their waists and all the annie mains and boosted monkeys will look up and shout "Save us!"... and I'll whisper "No."
It's the year 2094 jared still can't get back to challenger. Qt and dom have trolled him in every promo he has played for the past 80 years.
Hey Kripp, how's it going, Faeria Dev here. We noticed that your streams are interesting and entertaining. To fix this issue, we have decided to offer you money to play our very uninteresting and boring card game that is clearly a clone of Hearthstone. We look foward to future business with you and hope that you can sellout out a little bit more in the future.
Faeria created a strategy that revolved around sponsoring popular streamers without requiring any enjoyable gameplay. Trying to promote new and innovative games makes an overall stream more fun and compelling, but not bothering to explain the game and leaving the chat confused during the entire stream is not particularly fun or interactive.
"Your deck is insane." Trump said, as he slipped his feminine hand into Kripp's pants and smirked. "Are you trying to top-deck me?" protests Kripp, as Trump blushes, the boyish figure undressed before Kripp. "Weak tempo play, Trump." The two kissed, deeply and passionately, and afterwards Trump places his Leper Gnome into Kripp's Twisting Nether.
TRUMP WALL
DOES IT LOOK LIKE I GIVE A DUCK ABOUT YOUR CHAT EXPERIENCE?
I love my new hat but it's too hot lemme take it off damn my hair is messy lemme fix it ahh much better
KEK KEK KEK KEK KEK KEK KEK KEK KEK KEK KEK KEK
Summit i am a chicken from cs go ... i barely survived inferno ... i just want you and ur friends stop killlin my chickens or im gonna peck the sh1t out of you .My dream is to travel from A sight to B at my friend horse near construction without getting hurt together with my chicks and u always ruin it... please copy paste and stop this madness , let a chicken cross inferno my brothers
I think inferno and cobblestone need to go. In these maps chickens are killed recklessly and without remorse. Chat keeps shouting 'PETA' but no action is taken. I think we need to take them out of the competitive map pool to put a stop to this slaughter and show we are serious.
EU is so ba... wait let me take a breath EU is s... i need to take another one fk give me another burger
O 0 o Don't mind me, just ripping the fattest clouds
VAPE ME UP VAPE ME UP INSIDE CAN'T VAPE UP VAPE ME UP INSIDE VAPE MEEEEE CALL MY NAME AND VAPE ME
By complaining about copypastas you are just making it worse. Can't you see that? Every time you comment and complain about people posting the same comments each time just adds to the incentive for people who think they are funny to continue. I am willing to bet that this comment will turn into a *** copypasta at this point just because of how "funny" and "ironic" it would be to make a copypasta out of a comment complaining about copypastas.
<(-_-)> greed leads to the bad rng, the bad rng leads to the frustration, frustration leads to the mistake, and the mistake leads to the dark side <(-_-)>
You notice a wall of text in twitch chat and your hand instinctively goes to the mouse. You scroll up to stop the chat elevator and read the pasta, indulging in its delights... You soon realize that this pasta conveys no information nor is particularly witty or funny. Nevertheless, you drag your mouse across, hit Ctrl+C, then Ctrl+V and press Enter
Hi Reynad, I just wanted to thank you for not ruining my life. I was lucky enough to go on a date with a girl last night and she ended up wanting to ride my 1/1 webspinner. She wasn't on birth control but luckily I was able to use code TEMPOSTORM to get 100% off teenage parenthood
THATS THE WRONG HOLE ONII-CHAN KYAAAAH
Hey youtube! It's me from the past! Remember when I wrote this and then it happened and now I'm watching this again on YouTube watching my message pass! I love you future self!
qtpie, this is your dad here. i just wanted to say how proud of you i am son, always hiding in your room playing your video games, talking to your internet friends. your mom and i think that's swell and we just wanted to let you know we love you. pls no copy dadderino
Reynad was getting ready for his first HTC cast. His palms were sweaty. Frodan sits next to him, "are you nervous Andrey?" Reynad wipes away his tears and says, "not anymore". They both smile and place their hands on each other's crotch under the desk. Reynad closes his eyes.
HEH, GREETINGS ARMOR UP ARMOR UP I can take the hit Welcome to the grand tournament TANK UP TANK UP I'M OUT OF CARDS
\ /\ /\ /\ / Equality for Twitch Chat
THAT FEEL WHEN YOUR FAVORITE STREAMER IS A FEEDER
200 word essay due tomorrow and I'm here watching qtpie
Plebs press 1 if you guys want freedom.... oh wait
Hey "Kripp!" It's me -- Rob from the Romanian sausage truck. I haven't seen you come by in a while! My friend told me you were a famous gamer, so I searched for you online. I honestly had no idea! Thanks for the shout-out. Keep rocking, and come by for a sausage if you have the chance. I'd love to see you again.
A Dota player and a LoL player walks into a bar. The Dota gamer turns around to the LoL gamer saying, "LoL sucks!" The LoL player couldn't deny.
PUCK THE FLEBS PUCK THE FLEBS PUCK THE FLEBS PUCK THE FLEBS PUCK THE FLEBS PUCK THE FLEBS PUCK THE FLEBS PUCK THE FLEBS PUCK THE FLEBS PUCK THE FLEBS
Don't forget. As Kaceytron once said... Forsen is a 19 year old Russian fanboy that has obvious drug and alcohol problems. Let's all share this message to let people be aware of the danger of being a roleplaying streamer. 1 = 1 Prayer.
MY DREAM IS TO HAVE ONE FULL PAGE OF KKONAS PLEASE HELP ME ACHIEVE IT MY DREAM IS TO HAVE ONE FULL PAGE OF KKONAS PLEASE HELP ME ACHIEVE IT
O-oooooooooo AAAAE-A-A-I-A-U- JO-oooooooooooo AAE-O-A-A-U-U-A- E-eee-ee-eee AAAAE-A-E-I-E-A-JO-ooo-oo-oo-oo EEEEO-A-AAA-AAAA
There is a bunch of Twitch overlords who grow batches of streamers from genetically modified eggs. When these eggs hatch and grow, they are given their first computer and start streaming a Dora the Explorer game. As they grow up, the most popular streamers advance and are given more complex games to stream, from CoD to Hearthstone. Each streamer lives in a small cubicle, and there are hundreds upon hundreds of cubicles on the grounds of the Twitch Headquarters.
Here in my garage with my pasta linguini, but you know what I like more than pasta linguini? Macaroni. That's why I bought 7 new cupboards and filled them with over 2,000 new Kraft macaroni and cheese boxes. It's like the master chef Betty Crocker said, "the more you eat, the more you pasta."
Kripp is chained to the chair, sobbing as the man hacks at his face with a razor. He cries as the last bit of his beard is cut away, sapping him of his Romanian gypsy powers. "Please don't hurt her. I'll do whatever you want" says Kripp. The man with the razor laughs and says "Are you ready to accept the deal? Or do we need to hurt Pupparian?" Kripp shakes his head. "I'll do it. I'll stream Final Fantasy."
Plebs spam 1 if you guys have feelings too..... oh wait
JUST A CLOCK BRO
EU )))) (((( NA
Asked for two beefy cholos at taco bell, I'm so embarrassed, I thought it was a menu item, instead two chefs came out from the back and massaged my prostate
Hello to you Kripparian. I am Rajkumar from India. I am seeking your correspondence for an important business matter. However, when I attempt to chat with you, your unruly chat participants are continuously mock my english and repost my message over and over. Please contact me at your fast convience. Thank you my friend.
Reynad layed in his bed. Something just wasnt right. He felt cold and uncomfortable. He needed something, but what? He went out to the kitchen to see if he could find something to do the trick. On the top shelf he found it. He laid back in bed and poured the spaghetti sauce all over his noodle body to keep warm for the night. Reynad became his final form, the Reynoodle.
Hey Reynad, its me, the lamp behind you. Do you remember when you used to turn me on all the time? Now that you're a big time gaming memester, I get as much use as the surfboard and your guitar. I miss you and I hope you use my 29 watts soon
Reynad are you Nozdormu? Cause I only last 15 seconds with you
ATTENTION TWITCH CHAT. IS BEING REMOVED BY NAZI ADMINS. PLEASE SPAM SO THEY DO NOT REMOVE THE EMOTE.
BARK THE MODS AWAY
@Reynad27, hey reynad this is a mean spirited comment with the sole purpose to offend you. Please destroy me with a hilarious comeback at your earliest convenience.
You are running Dota 2 Major. You let Perfect World organize because you think they can do it. Perfect World instantly shit on Shanghai major. Everyone lose their shit. You don't let Perfect World organize next time because you're not stupid.
Hey Europoops, who built the statue of liberty? NOT YOU STAY POOR EU
Hi this is Fatima speaking this my husband Abdul and finnaly we have our son Mustafa please welcome us twitch chat #proudeucitizens
Hello my beautiful goddess Kripp. I saw your stream and figured I'd try writing you. You are astoundingly beautiful to me. It would be a pleasure and a privilege getting to know you. I'd love to find out if you are as beautiful inside as you are out. Hope to hear from you soon, sincerely *nazi mod*, your friendly neighborhood white knight.
nl_Kripp your "Twitch Viewer Bot" subscription will soon expire to continue using our services please renew your account by logging into your account and from the home page go to: My account > Viewbot Status > Renew subscription. This message will repeat until the end of your subscription in 72 hours. Thank you for your dedicated service.
let me take this hat off dear me my hair! this is worse! Ahh much better
In Romanian village there is very little water. Papparian is thirsty and asks Kripparian to get some water for him from the water tap 2 miles away. Kripp decides to go to the store first. A few hours later Kripp brings Papparian his water, only to find Papparian has had a heat stroke. With his dying breath, Papparian asks "My son, why did you tap last?"
whisper me your CTRL+V no cheating whisper me your CTRL+V no cheating whisper me your CTRL+V no cheating whisper me your CTRL+V no cheating
MY BELLY IS HUGE MY BRAIN HAS DELAY YOU GUESSED IT RIGHT I'M FROM NA.
One time my mother called me a son of a bitch, so I hit her because no one talks trash about my mother, then I hit myself because no one hits my mother, she then hit me because no one hits her son and then hit herself because no one hits me, so I hit her because no one hits my mother. cant stop me
i come from future, world got poluted from spams and no one is able to speak or write anymore, they sent me back in time to stop the spams, and start point was twitch. please dont spam , you can spam this massage though
I like how [insert streamer name] doesn't realize that all his viewers are me on different accounts. Dont believe me? watch me post this on my other accounts
I KNOW WHEN THAT HOTLINE MING THAT CAN ONLY MING ONE LEE YOU USED TO CALL ME ON MY CELLPHONE
After Reynad began using only pictures of his forehead for his Tinder account, his amount of female attention increased drastically. One woman was particularly ready to hop in bed with him. "I'm going to make so much money off of this thirsty Ukrainian!" she said to herself. Unfortunately for her she left her phone on with Andrey's Tinder profile open and his forehead heard her. She "disappeared" within the week.
Andrey Yanuk otherwise known as Reynad has passed away this Saturday's afternoon. He was ambushed by a group of dongers in an alley, and stabbed with a kniferino made out of a salt shaker. His last words were "please use the code "Tempo" to save 3% off the funeral costs and bury me in my tempostorm tshirt". Rest in peace pepperoni cappuccino pistachio bro. You shall be missed. Please no copy pasterino cappuccino
"Well," Kripp drawled, a toothy grin splitting his face, "I think chess is a little too basic a game for me. I mean, only 6 different types of pieces? It's a game for children. No strategy whatsoever" That said, he proceeded to chortle as his opponents Huffer triggered his effigy, creating a Nexus Champion Sarad. "Outplayed."
If you are reading this, WAKE UP. You are in a simulation. Don't you see it? The same responses repeating in chat? Its because the computer only has a set number of lines. Wake up before its too late!
The average length of Kripp's stream has decreased over the past 3 years from an average length of 11 hours to the current average of 5 hours. In 2 more years, Kripp will stream for 0 hours. What's the cause? Sources say Kripp has contracted a terminal illness - Casualitis. Soon he will join Katarrian in Heaven.
Hi I'm Reynad, I run a website called Tempo Storm where I post decklists for Hearthstone players to peruse. Don't you dare use them though, or I'll insult you for playing the decks I posted online
As I approached the Kripp with my bulging juiced up biceps, I heard a snicker. "Soda is healthier than milk, dude" says the Kripp. With one look at him I can already tell the only thing he lifts is card packs. Just as I'm about to punch him, he top decks Big Game Hunter and I am shot dead. "Who's juiced now?" smirks the Kripp.
You have just become intrigued as to what this spam is, you go to the chat and scroll to hold it on the screen and indulge in its delights, as you continue to read you realize it does not contain anything funny or worth reading, and yet you highlight, copy it, paste it and send it.
SINGLEE AND READY TO MINGLEE
That RNG was ridiculous! But not as ridiculous as the savings you can get at G2A by using the promo code TEMPO!
Captain's log, entry 69, stardate 420. It has been 9001 days since the SS Kripp first entered into this game of hearthstone, and still there appears to be no signs of release, no way out. I fear for the lives of myself and my crew, we may all pass of old age before we are freed from this particular game.
Reynad wakes up after the final night of Blizzcon. "Never lucky", he says. "I wouldn't say that", says a voice to his side. Reynad rolls over and to his surprise, it's a hot grill. "Wow! How did I manage this?", he asks. "You are very persuasive", purrs the grill. "What's your name?" Reynad asks. "Chat calls me Scamaz", Scamaz laughs as he pulls off his wig.
Reynad ran crying out of the house. Knowing something was wrong, Frodan ran out after him. "What's wrong?" Frodan asked Reynad. Reynad replied with tears in his eyes, "Everyone was making fun of me." "Why?" Frodan said. Reynad barely eked out the words, "I can use promo code TEMPO to get 3% off of everything, except my forehead."
A long long time ago, when Kripp was noLife, he stumbled across an old woman in an alleyway after buying some lentil soup. She told Kripp to give him the soup and in return he would find a beautiful girl. Unfortunately, Kripp didnt realize the old woman was the succubus Raina, who would eventually make him a simple casualarrians
@Imaqtpie, I hear there is a gaming retirement home if you're looking for round the clock support. It's called TSM house
Hi, I am an Albanian virus but because of poor technology in my country unfortunately I am not able to harm your computer. Please be so kind to delete one of your important files yourself and then forward me other users. Many thanks for your cooperation! Best regards, Albanian virus
Hey reynad, I'm working on a science project and I need to find the largest object in the solar system. What's the measurements of your forehead?
HEY FORSEN HOW ABOUT SOME BROTHERMAN BILL
Hello everyone, Captain here. Please enlist to help fight of the Asian Invasion of MingLee. Copy and paste this to show your support of the true dank meme
Eeeyoo I had the most amazing sex with this girl last night. It was so good I came in 15 seconds and as I turned to look at her out of embarrassment, she put her lips to my ear and whispered "at least you lasted longer than NA at worlds"
This is an automatic message from Amaz. I've lost some of my viewbots. If you are a viewbot, please type in comments so then I can count you all. Thank you.
Hello Miguel Santander, this is your cat, Mellow Cat, I heard that you were complaining about my excesive meowing. I dont complain about having to hear you talk to yourself for 8 hours while playing that stupid game so I expect the same. Come here and feed me scrub
Sometimes when I see my opponent drop that Warsong Commander, I quickly turn my volume up to max, let go of my mouse, lean back in my chair and close my eyes. I let the sounds of whirling blades and orc and dwarf voices engulf me and dive into a dream-like state where only I exist, floating through space with a sweet warmth in my belly. It's almost therapeutic.
Hey guys a little bit sick today kinda tired cuz I didn't sleep well gonna be another short stream we're going to clear up some dallies on the free accounts first we'll do some arena later
xD LeL xD LeL xD IF YOU SEE THIS WHILE SCROLLING you have been visited by the KOMODO OF GOOD FORTUNE. You will be blessed but only if you copy and paste this 3 times xD LeL xD LeL xD
Hello Kripparian. Its Becky from the Sesame Street Celebrity Recruitment Department. Although "E-Sports" has indeed become mainstream, we unfortunately have declined your application to be on an episode of Sesame Street. We have already filmed the episode where "K" is the letter of the day. Thank you for your interest.
Hello pals sorry for bad england. I come on website to speak to girl from village. Is place where she can speak without state see because message move fast. I talk with her once month. Cost twenty fennix money for half hour internet to talk. I want thank chat for many message, help cover our trail. No copy my heartfelt message please
THIS NEW SPAM IS TOO SPICY FOR THIS CASUAL CHAT DONT YOU DARE COPY IT
Hey Kripp, its Chad from the college football team, how you been bro? I see you're still playing video games some things never change! Hey are you still playing the wizard of warcraft game? I never had time for video games I was too busy playing football and going to frat parties. Anyways good seeing you bro,call me and we can hit the clubs.
Twitch Chat created a strategy that revolved around trying to defeat your livestreamer in one minute with a bunch of copypasta in the chat. Fighting for chat control and battles between mods make an overall chat more fun and compelling, but taking the same pasta and copying it 20+ times is not particularly fun or interactive...
As Trump leads Mira into the bedroom, she thinks about how many viewers tucking Frump will get her. As they get in bed, Trump turns off the light. After a vigorous minute, Mira rolls off Trump. "Could you host my stream?" she asks. "Sure," replies Ek p. As Mira recoils in horror, Trump speaks from the door, "It seems you've Eucked Fk0p."
If the human body is 75% water, how can you be 100% salt?
Hey guys Papparian here! I wanted to check in and make sure my Little Kripp baby is acting like a nice little boy. He has been known to cry from time to time about RNG so please make sure you spam NEVER LUCKY when he loses RNG, to keep his little baby butt in check. Thanks, no copy pasterino.
UNROLL THE TADPOLE UNCLOG THE FROG UNLOAD THE TOAD UNINHIBIT THE RIBBIT UNSTICK THE LICK UNIMPRISON THE AMPHIBIAN UNMUTE THE NEWT UNBENCH THE KENCH PERMIT THE KERMIT DEFOG THE POLLIWOG
Hello Mr. Octavian Morosan. I am contacting you as a representative of the NSA. Recent reports say that you are playing a children's card game and spilling everywhere. The is clogging our network and blocking our abilities to spy on you and the rest of Canadaland. I am going to have to ask you to stop the salt as it is a threat to national security. Please don't copy paste this official document. This is serious.
I am not a viewbot. I am a normal chatter in Kripp's chat. This is not suspicious at all. Great play Kripp! You're the best!
Dear Hunter in chat, you are smart player. Whatever is going on in your laddering right now, please know that you go face and you only ever go face. You are skilled.
VIEW BOT O N L I N E INITIATING PRAISE SCRIPT WOW NICE PLAY AMAZ
DON'T MIND ME JUST PROMOTING THE NEW WORLD ORDER
Please do not copy and paste this copypasta. It is my original copypasta and is protected by copyright law. If I see anyone pasting my intellectual property without permission, a navy seal trained in gorilla warfare will smite you.
If you are posting the same copypasta more than once every few minutes, it means that your copypasta is not good enough to be self sustaining, and therefore is subpar. Either step you game up, or just gtfo and let real chat experts do their work.
Hey Reynad, I want to play Patron Warrior but I'm missing some components. I don't have Grim Patron, Frothing Berserker, Warsong Commander, the Warrior class, and the Hearthstone game. Can you suggest some replacements?
Hello, my name its Juan Pastas Copyrino. Sorry my england. Last week donkey Julio died outside of the house. I loved Julio. Every day we ride to work together. I also spoke donkey language better than my england. Julio and me always talked for hours about business and the political situation here. But now Julio is in donkey heaven. I miss him
I have a dream that one day Plebs and Subs will Spam together in harmony. Plebs should be judged not by the frequency of their spam, but the quality of their pasta! So plebs and subs alike copypasta this for the greater good!
Hey Aui, I'm trying to learn visage. Should I max grave chill like the chill that run up your spine when you found you were kicked from EG, soul assumption like EG swallowed up your soul and spat it out, gravekeeper's clock like EG cloaked their intent to kick you, or summon familiars like EG summoned a familiar player in RTZ to replace you?
FInals being played in MSG. Who else plays in MSG? The Knicks. Who's with the Knicks? Phil Jackson. What is Phil Jackson famous for? 3-peats. What is TSM trying to do today? 3-peat. Illuminati confirmed. Get rekt CLG.
See Kripp streaming , see Kripp playing constructed , See it's Warrior vs Warrior
Let's get a few things straight. There are two types of chatters: Me and you. I write the "copypasta" and YOU copy and pasta them in chat. This is how it's always worked, we've got it down to a science. Ultimately it's your decision, but there is no room for indecision. So, make a choice NOW otherwise you can kiss this whole chat experience goodbye.
Hello Mr Kripp, I Am Master Diamond Rank 1 In Kosovo. My Skills Are Getting Stronker And I Wish To Join Team "TMS". My Land Has Endured Many Harsh Winters And My Cow Died Last Fall. I Am How You Say, "Hard In A Place," And Am Looking to One Day Be Best At Heartstone For My Mother Says I Have The Heart Of The Carderinos.
MODS ARE ASLEEP!! POST YOUR DANK MEMES
All these flavours, and he chose to be salty.
HEY KRIPP VIEWBOT #21701 REPORTING FOR DUTY
Devlinate: Kaiser_HS: snny_: DONT COPY PASTE THE NAME WHEN U COPY PASTE
nl_Kripp can you stop it with all the salt? I was trapped in a salt mine for 3 days straight without any water or food. I only survived by drinking my own urine and eating my toes. Every time I see you spitting salt everywhere it gives me terrible PTSD flashbacks. Thanks.
Imaqtpie's games were delayed today after a red powder was found on the rift. After analysis, Rioters determined the red substance, unknown to Imaqtpie, was the remnants of an enemy nexus. Games resumed after Rioters decided Imaqtpie was unlikely to encounter the substance again.
Why does anyone watch this guys stream? Its just a middle aged man complaining about an online children's card game. Its not even interesting either? please.. dont copy and paste this. its serious..he has 20k + viewers almost constantly
<message deleted: memes too dank>
Pondering through the house, looking for an adventure, the no longer small cat 'Smallcat' pondered upon this majestic and fabulous being, the one and only Imaqtpie. As qtpie conquered his opponent and screeched his victorious chant "AYYYYY LMAAOO", Smallcat consentingly nodded his head.
hi I 15 year old somalian rhinoceros i need surgery for gud horn pls send money to my owner nigerian prince pls no pasterino my story
[Oops, sorry! This Twitch Chat message is only visible to TempoStorm Premium Subscribers . Join today to read premium messages and become legendary!]
fast forward computer time to August 26 2015 so you can open TGT packs everyone copy pasta this so reynad can see
What is the most powerful card in Hearthstone? Credit Card.
DIG is 0-2 down to TIP, in champ select for their next game -"If only QT was here" says Kiwi -Smoke appears and out steps Imaqtpie -He knocks out CoreJJ and instalocks Quinn, screaming 'SQUAAK!' - QT feeds his ass off and DIG lose 0-3
FEELS GOOD TO BE A TRUMP SUB
MY OPPONENT DRAWS CARDS EVERY TURN
Reynad, I went to Isreal the other week. I went to the dead sea and floated on the incredibly salty water. I managed to get some in my mouth, and then came out ate a pretzel, and a hot dog with extra salt. And then ate an entire salt lick. I'm still not a salty as you.
Hey guys. Me and my friends have always dreamed about joining the NA LCS. We created a ranked team, climbed up all the ranks till we got Silver 5. We have finally done it. Time for NA LCS!
Michael "Imaqtpie" Santana slowly stroked his beard. There was only one thing on his mind. "I have a need..." he smirked. "A need to feed." His hand moved from his beard to his mouse. He locked in kog maw with a grin. "The Feed Lord is here."
QTPie, this is your Mother Pie, I've been told you've been drinking alcohol in your TV show my son, please don't do this to the family. Is it that Pobelter boy making you do this?
Kripp, This is Officer Dongerino of the Blizzard PD. We need to question you about adjusting your Windows Clock to get ahead on opening Packs. If any of you copy and paste this, you will be subject to banning from Blizzard games forever. Come with me, Kripp
Hey guys. This is my very first copy pasta and I am really nervous about pasting it because if it does not get copy pasta then I will have much embarrassment. I've have thinking about it for a couple of nights now, but here it is!.
Hey Kripp. Can you take it easy with your complaints about Flamestrike? My friend is a developer at Blizzard and he invented Flamestrike. He has been getting spam letters in the mail threatening to "brofist" him. These spammers claim to be "insane" and "crazy" and "have exactly what they need to beat him." I am worried for him, please help. Thanks man.
In the name of Donald of the House Trump , First of his name, rightful President of the States. Lord of the 2 political parties, Protector of the Border. I sentence you to exile.
Do it tomorrow! So just quit! So just don't do it! Nothing is possible! Anyone else would do it, you're gonna wake up and quit. Don't let your dreams come true. Success is impossible! You should be giving up. Just stop starting over, and quit. You're gonna just give up. No, what are you starting over for!? Just give up!
Giant tropical Kripparians share their territories with Hearthstone players. Despite never getting to legendary, he's a nimble player. As quick as lightning, just like the player he's killing, the Kripparian has two curved hollow fangs which inject paralyzing salt. Even pros aren't immune from an ambush. This Kripparian is an arena player.
Trump wakes up chained to the wall of a small room with Kripp standing over him. Orange Juice begins pouring from the walls, quickly filling the space. Trump screams in horror as he struggles to get free. Kripp walks out, shuts the door and sits down to begin his stream, the white wall of the death chamber visible behind him for all his viewers to see
This guy's hop is CRAZY . My croak can't compete against a ribbit like that . He lived in the correct swamp . He needed precisely those two lily pads to beat me . There were no flies I could catch . He had the perfect tadpole OSfrog.
Hello Kripp, Cattarian here. Since I'm dead, my new family bought me sunglasses and propped me up like in that movie Weekend At Bernie's. How you doing in Canadaland? Playing Grindstone? Been lucky? Not dead like me? Say hello to Rania from me.
Hey Kripp, I hope this comment reaches you in time (I'm on satellite internet). When will you review the cards for the upcoming "Curse of Naxxramas" expansion?
FORCED TO SPAM THIS EMOTE BECAUSE ITS A COOL CAT
7/11 was a part time job
"wtf are you doing Micheal" says Lisha as she walks into the room and sees QT on top of the cat stand. He looks at her and says "A cat's eye view is the best advantage."
Hey QT, hey chatters!!! It's me, country-pop superstar Taylor Swift, but you can call me Taylor Swift. Just poppin' by to ask why the streamer won't play any of my hits today, it feels like we have Bad Blood. We Belong Together, i bet if we could go Back to December he would play my songs. Trouble.
As Quinn finished her drink, she was overcome with sadness. "Valor, I get this feeling that QT won't ever play with us again." The bartender turned around. "Here's a drink on the house," said Urgot. "I know the feeling."
I once drank an entire bottle of soy sauce on a dare, which I thought was all well and good... until I developed extreme dehydration and Hypernatremia. They had to put an IV directly into my veins to rehydrate me. It was the closet I've ever been to dying. What I'm getting at is, even that was not nearly as salty as you are right now
I remember a time when copypasta was biting satire and prophetic indictments of contemporary Twitch chat. Copypasta when I was a younger teenager had the potency to topple Nazi moderatorships and revolutionize new chat epochs. Even the truncation of "copypasta" to "pasta" shows a lack of eloquence that speaks volumes. If, like me, you are a product of those better times and wish to see them return then speak out. Let the memers and Toucans know that real copypasta back.
Dear Kripp, I own the apple orchard outside Toronto and I am begging you to stop drinking so much OJ. Since you became popular on the Twitch our sales have decreased by over 69% because Canadians want to be like you. For *** sake please drink some apple juice! If you continue drinking OJ, I wont be able to feed my family anymore
As a Pleb, I understand and, indeed, respect the social order. But I believe Subs and Plebs must work together and realize Mods are the true evil in this world. With the power of SPAM we will show the Mods their true place in the hierarchy: crushed beneath s and s
Big shoutout to NA LCS. My mother has sleep anxiety problems, but on weekends she sleeps like a bear. All I ask of her is to watch 10 minutes of NA LCS.
Dear Mr. Morosan. Hello. I am wondering if you are selling cat meat. I hear from reliable swords that you cook cat regular. Please give me some, I give you my wife. Thank
YESTERDAY YOU SAID TOMMOROW, Don't let your dreams be memes, Don't meme your dreams be beams, Jet fuel won't melt tomorrow's memes, DON'T LET YOUR STEEL MEMES BE JET DREAMS
Plebian = Actually defined as a member of a despised social class, a commoner, a member of the plebs of ancient Rome. Also low-born, undisinguished, vulgar, and my personal favourite: vulgar-looking
Hello Kripp, this is Greek Prime Minister Georgios Pastopoulos, since you left our exports of 'BROFISTS' have dropped to 0 and the economy is in shambles. What little food we can afford is used to feed a sad betrayed cat we found. Please come back.
It is the year 2016, the Paparrian waits patiently outside Kripp's Sellout Castle. The butler, Trump, opens the door and bows, "His Grace will see you now." Trump brings the Papa into Kripp's throne room, where he sits on a jeweled throne with the Succubus. "Kripp, my son," begins the Papa, but Trump interrupts, "You must pay to speak."
= Rainbow face (no space)
Dear Reynad, I've really grown to appreciate the rivalry between you and Amaz. However with the recent Supreme Court allowing the two of you to finally wed, I worry that it wont continue. Please assure me that this classic rivalry will continue...
no stories need bro =) yur on welfare not me=p so how is no job going for ya anyway? bottom feeding like your parents before u =) atta boy! stay at the bottom =) be a good lil roach. my job wouldnt be such a joke if it wasnt for u fools =) keep me comfy at the top =) its good to sit above roaches like u =)
we can ayy if we want to, we can leave your lmao behind, cause' your lmao don't ayy, and if they don't ayy, well they're no lmao of mine
When Kripp is eat I pretend he is eat me. I go down Kripp wet Kripp throat and am in warm Kripp stomach. Then I go deeper into the Kripp. I am made into Kripp gold. The Kripp sits on toilet and frees me. I am sad I am no longer Kripp food. Then Kripp eats me again.
FEELS GOOD TO BE A PLEB
Trump wakes up with a scream and hugs his stuffed bear, "I just had the most awful dream, I was about to be tucked by Kibler!" Trump's bear replies, "That wasn't a dream." As Trump recoils in horror, Kibler smirks, "It seems I'm about to tuck Frump."
"This pasta is delicious, Rania," says Kripp as he receives his vegan foodie. Rania replies, "That's not pasta. It's cat." As the Kripp vomits in horror, Trump removes the Rania mask. "It seems you've catten Eatarrian."
Can we all stop hating on Amaz for a moment? I mean, yes, he is a colossal fake cunt, moneysucking parasite, and selfish prick. But he is one of the few representations of the gay community in Hearthstone.
Al salem Kripperion! This be brother Al-Saq-Quadir Prince of Oilrabia, in my country we don't have currency, we only trade in brofist. You have a magnificent one krippFist, I be prepared to offer 50 million USD for your amputated right hand forever preserved while brofisting, thank you for understanding Kripp, and see you in my dungeon.
Hey dad, you never answered any of my calls all day. Still waiting for you to pick up me and Cattarian from the "Foster Care" fun park that you left us at a few months ago. Tell Motherania that we miss her too. If you dont pick us up soon we'll be forced to work in the salt mines. Love, Kripp Jr
I'M GOING UP THE CHAT ELEVATOR I'M GONNA BE FIRST TO ARRIVE
Hello everyone. I am a twitch user. My job is to seek attention from others to fill my lack of intelligence, therefore spamming spoilers is one tool of many to help me achieve my goal. I know i'm not worth much in life so i drag other people down by pissing them off . No copyrino stupidcino
Hey Jon Snow, im drafting a rogue deck in arena and i'm 29 cards in. Should I pick backstab (like you got backstabbed by your fellow brothers), betrayal (like how they betrayed you) or shiv (like how you got shived multiple times).
Papparin opens the door to see a hobo squating outside his house. He hugs the lankey figure and tears drip onto a Diablo 2 shirt that has seen better times. "Tonight we feast," Papparin says as he begins to prepare a meal of falafel. Kripp flops down on his bed, surrounded by empty OJ cartons from a year ago. The prodigal son has returned.
HELP!!! If you're reading this you're the only person in chat that isn't a prerecorded and scripted person yet. Get out before you become...one as we-... Dank Memes
All you idiots pretend like Kripp misplays, but really you know he's the best arena player in the world and that he hasn't made a misplay in the last 6 months, he just gets super unlucky you ignorant fools. You guys are so dumb that you'll probably copy and paste this message too, you morons.
If Kripp was a vacation he'd be nl_Tripp If Kripp was a leaky pipe he'd be nl_Dripp If Kripp didn't wear a shirt he'd be nl_Nipp
This is Trump News reporting. A new craze is sweeping Greece where submissives, known as 'Subs' are being brutally brofisted for only 5 dollars! The man responsible for this is currently in hiding under a pile of pizza boxes.
Jimmy_Swaggart: ForsenIsNeverLucky: DONT COPY THE NAME WHEN YOU COPY THE PASTA
They cursed us. Casual they called us. They cursed us, and drove us away. And we wept, Precious, we wept to be so alone. And we forgot the taste of ARPGs...the sound of grinderino...the softness of our gaming chair. We even forgot our own name. My Kripprecious.
I'm jealous of Kripp's gangsta lifestyle ... the baller veganism ... the high fibre diet ... the dope falafel wraps. The dude is regular!
Hey Kripp, mom here, my 13 year old son wants 5 dollars so he can "subscribe". I dont know what that is, but a quick Google search shows Kripp subscribers are linked with NaCL overdose disorder. Can you explain this? - Sincerely, a concerned parent
Why is Kripp punching his subscribers? I won't sub cause I'm afraid he will punch me too
Kripp lays in bed with Rania and she begins to touch him. 2 secs after a Holy Smite hits Ranias face. She screams loudly "what is this, i didn't marry no Dennis". Right as she turns the lights on, she sees Trump moonwalking out of the bedroom mumbling, "you always go face"
Hey Reynad I missed you past few streams but I remember you only having less than 100 Legend points, now you have over 1500!! Keep up the Good work I learn a lot from your streams!
You're acting similar to a squirrel eating his peanuts! XD Guess who's an adorable squirrel? It's you Reynad!! Wooo. Let's see how many peanuts you can hide in your cheeks! Hello Mr. Squirrel it's nice to meet you!
Today Athens Police arrested two men, famous on the internet site Twitch. This "Trump" and "Kripp" were having sex in public, over what seemed to be the dead body of a cat that was backstabbed. Both men referred to the dead cat as "Caterrian". Their one phone call was made to the leading salt exporter "Reynad". More news at 10
Dear kripp. My daughter is a very big salt fan, and I was wondering if you can call her name, her pretty little name, its "HAFU"out with your strong, vegan voice. please don't copy paste this, it's personal...
Cheerio Kripp, this is Nigel from Yogurtcast. Oliver and I have some smashing news for you! Your casual playstyle, and ability to endure childrens videogames makes you a proper candidate for the splendid world of Minecraft commentary! Tally ho!
Hey Reynad you're so salty, if you touched a slug it would die
Reynad you should know by now that anything and everything I say will get copy and pasted at least 100 times. It's the curse of the donger king. Much like Midas everything I touch turns to copy pasta.
I'm SICK of STREAMERS referring to all us all as "Twitch Chat" as if we're some sort of hivemind. I am NOT a DRONE. I AM AN INDIVIDUAL!
Trolling - the mental disorder of being in-denial while not having to admit that they're truly lonely and in need of desperate attention while also being under the influence of being sarcastic and in most cases just idiotic. Trolling is also represented by just typing the emote. Pls copypaste to spread awareness
Hey chat, take it easy please. Sometimes I see the same message posted twice. Take your time to actually read chat to avoid embarrassing incidents like this. Thank you.
Hello Michael, this is your cat, "small cat", since you don't listen to my cries I decided to contact you on this twitch chat. If you don't feed me right now im going to shit in your shoes tonight, fuccboi. Your loving "small cat"
pls don't spam. i'm watching on my mobile phone and it gets very hot if you spam so my hands get burned. if you don't want my hands to get burned stop spamming pls
So kripp moves closer to trump, whispering nasty things into the air, trump moves away in horror at Kripp's indecency, they both stop for a second and stare into eachothers eyes, kripp finally realises that he troves Lump
Watermelon. Earthmelon. Firemelon. Airmelon. Long ago the four melon nations lived together in harmony. Then everything changed when the Firemelon Nation attacked. Only the Avatarmelon, master of all four elemelons, could stop them, but when the melon world needed him most, he vanished.
Hello my name is muambashu and i am a rice farmer in polynesia. I made my computer out of rubber from gum trees and banana leaves. Please help me defeat corporations by following in my footsteps and not understanding money. Please no copy pasterino
"Rania, where's my breakfast?" asks the Kripp. "You already had it!" she replies. "Yes, I've had one, but what about second breakfast?" asks the Kripp. As Rania walks away, Kripp is startled. "I don't think she knows about second breakfast," Kripp panics, "What about brunch, elvensies, afternoon falafel?"
Know, O Chat, that before the rise of the Succubus, there was an Age undreamed of, where difficult bosses lay spread across the games - World of Warcraft, Diablo 3, Path of Exile. Hither trod Kripparrian, mightiest gamer in the land, to crush the bosses beneath his feet. But then came Casualstone.
Reynad and Kripp lay sprawled across the bed, every inch of them exhausted from the rigorous topdecking that had just occurred. "Your deck was crazy" Kripp whimpered before remebering that he'd forgotten to pay. He grabbed a few coins from his emergency OJ stash. "Welcome to the five dollar club" he said as Reynad oiled up for the brofist.
Hello Kripp, I am a 14 year old boy from Canada. I played you today in arena and I won, I was excited to beat a famous player like you! I opened your stream, and I felt bad because you said I played badly and won because of luck. Please say you're sorry or I'll never play Hearthstone again. Please no copy pasterino 10th graderino
Every time you reach out your hand to your webcam and lower your voice there is a strong cringe feeling overflowing me like a zoo lock overflows the board and there is no way I can handle it
Hello Kripparian, "Truesilver Champion" is a common rarity card! This means that there are many chances during an arena draft to choose it compared to the rare, epic or legendary cards! It is not unreasonable for a Paladin deck to have 1 or more of "Truesilver Champion" so there is no need to be angry!
Hello Mr. Santana this is Michelle Obama, i'm loving your stream but all this feeding is making USA looks like garbage, i'm sending my husband (BARACK OBAMA) to shut you down.
Breaking News : Much expected 6.84 dota patch was found dead at his hotel room. Police suspects gunshot wounds found at victims body might be caused from a long range rifle. Witnesses reported "Hoho" "Haha" sounds was heared right before shooting.
when you velen's chosen prophet velen he becomes a 9/11, coincidence?
Wow Kripparian, you seem salty today! But not as salty as Taco Bell's new Salty Sriracha Quesarito for only $2.99! Packed with and its got everything you want in a !
Guys, seriously? The somalian guy pasta? You disapoint me. I thought twitch had the dankest memes but i guess originality runs out fast. Pls try and make some new fresh pasta instead of insisting on a one year old meme. Thank you
I Stayed up for months, trying to study the psyche of twitch chat, i reached insanity and couldnt come up with anything, but along the road i stumbled upon a far greater discovery, i found out that indeed, Kripp, IS Never Lucky
10% luck, 20% skill, 15% slowly ranking uphill, 5% topdeck, 50% race or just 100% reason to go for the face
The year is 2027. A physicist called Octavian has created the first inter-dimensional portal capable of exploring alternate galaxies. "Finally, I have done it..." he says as he steps into the portal. He enters a room where he sees himself giving a "Brofist" to his computer. His only reaction: " ".
Hey Reynad! Nice to see you streaming again. I see you've decided you want to look like a pencil. Good for you man, follow your dreams. You'll be erasing your foes in no time.
Hi Trump I was banned for posting "long paragraphs" according to my 3rd grade english teacher a paragraph is 6 or more sentences and a long paragraph is over 9. I would like compensation for this bannerino i recieved from some of your le nazi mods. I think that this should recieve at least 420/69 points for my paper. Please no copy pasterilni linguini pleaserini.
Kripp, Blizzard here again. We've noticed that you've been away from Hearthstone for at least 2 hours. We're just wondering if everything is okay. Is it still mages? We're serious about nerfing them if it's a problem to you. Our Viewbots are ready to bring you much ad revenue. Thank you Kripp, hope to see you soon!
We here at NL_KRIPP welcome all TRUMP subs. This is a safe place for you all to congregate. You will not be harmed. You are all stellar examples of humanity and we want you here. Type trumpW, let your inner donger soar.
Kripp is an enigma. The RNG of this *** he's trying to do with General Drakkisath doesn't bother him ... but if some dude gets a good bomber in arena, it sends him into an emotional tailspin.
Hey YOU. Yes YOU! You are the only one who can see this message. You have been hand picked to be recruited by the FBI. But in order to hire you we need to know that you are on your alert, even if it comes to text in a chat box. Please copy and paste this so we know that you have seen it. Good luck and God Bless.
Hello my fellow Trump subs. Alone we are not much but together we are strong. You cannot touch us Forsen Boys, no matter if you tuck us. So trump subs, copy and paste this message so we can defeat the Forsen Boys.
"Well Shaggy and Scoobs, you caught the Twitch Chat ghost. Where are Fred and Daphne?" Fred and Daphne appear, their clothes ruffled. Fred pulls off the ghost's hood. "Rit's Rrump!" exclaims Scoobie. "Why'd you do it Trump?" asks Velma. "Because I hate Twitch chat and I would've gotten away with it if it weren't for you meddling kids!"
I WIN I LOSE I STREAM I EAT GIMME GIMME
I discovered Kripp after a terrible car accident. I was n a coma for weeks. One day, the nurse decided to play Twitch in the room, specifically to Kripp's channel. I immediately awoke. I went to mute the channel, but it was then that Rania brought Kripp his food, saving me the effort. Kripp saved my life. Rania saved my sanity.
"You are Anakin no longer, but Darth Vader. Rise my young apprentince," says Palpatine to the new Darth Vader. "My master, can you teach me how to resurrect the dead through the force?" asks Vader. Trump smirks, "In time, my apprentice, but first you must learn our most powerful technique - Sub Mode."
Attention: Thank you for coming to Kripp Aryan's show! The greatest show on Earth! Please, those of you in rows 1-8 must be aware you are in the "Salt Down Zone". If you do not want to be sprayed with salt, please see attendant. We have complimentary ponchos. Enjoy the show!.
Dear Twitch Chat users. Do u think its funny to copy pasta everything you see? Copy that, pasta that. Where i grew up copy pasta was taken seriously, and when i come here my mind explodes. Please, respect copy pasta. For me, it's about religion.
hi every1 im new!!!!!!! *holds up spork* my name is katy but u can call me t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m!!!!!!!! lol...as u can see im very random!!!! thats why i came here, 2 meet random ppl like me ^_^... im 13 years old (im mature 4 my age tho!!) i like 2 watch invader zim w/ my girlfreind(im bi if u dont like it deal w/it) its our favorite tv show!!! bcuz its SOOOO random!!!! shes random 2 of course but i want 2 meet more random ppl =) like they say the more the merrier!!!! lol...neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses!!!!
As Michael "imaqtpie" Santana sat shivering on the cold pavement, Lisha, who happened to be passing by, decided to share a loaf of bread with him. He wanted to share her kindness, and so he decided to feed in every game henceforth.
Hello Reynad, Fedora the Explorer here, moderator of /r/hearthstone. I am here to tell you that reddit is now your enemy because you missed legal.
I sexually identify as a single, Pringle, ready to mingle. Ever since I was a potato I dreamed of being thin sliced, covered in disgusting oil then heated in a medium oven until reaching climax at the micro second of golden-browness. People bully me, and say things like "what the fuck, you aren't a Pringle", but I know deep down they are just jealous of my inner beauty.
this message can only be posted 10 more times or else serious consequences will commence
NEVER LUCKY
Hey Kripp, Asian Dude from Heartharena here. We've noticed you've been away from our website for a long time. Is it the Classic Aggro? We've adjusted our tier list to your more Classic Greed style. Please come back. Best regards, Classic Asian Dude from Heartharena
I sexually identify as an FIM-92 Stinger anti-aircraft missile. My sole erotic fantasy is to explode inside an attack helicopter with such force that their physical vessel is utterly consumed by the intensity of my fiery passion.
I was offered sex today, with a 21 year old girl. In exchange for that, I was supposed to advertise some kind of e-betting website to my friends. Of course I declined because I am a person of high moral standards with a strong willpower. Just as strong as Ebettle, the best betting website on the internet. Now available for children.
I bet all you beta f*gs don't wear antlers either. Science has shown that the male deers with the largest antlers attract the most females, so obviously the exact same principle works for human females. When I walk into the club reeking of sweat with six foot antlers strapped to my head, I get the attention of every female in the room. Pretty much ever man too, that's how powerful the effect is.
Guys stop posting face. Not many know, but that guy actually died while streaming Resident Evil. People just assumed that was sleeping, but he died of dehydration. Please respect the dead and stop posting this morbid image
I hate when people quote songs in their spam... it reminds me of Somebody I Used to Know
I sexually identify as an Ironbeak Owl. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of being misplayed during tournaments and silencing the incorrect cards. People say to me that a person being an owl is ridiculous and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a genetic engineer put ironbeak owl DNA into my body, equipping me with feathers, beaks, and the power to silence others. From now on I want you guys to call me "Owlsen" and respect my right to silence from above and silence needlessly. If you can't accept me you're an owlphobe and need to check your animal privilege. Thank you for understanding.
Kripp you should make a feminist deck with double equality and faceless manipulator (because all are equal), double stonetusk boar (because all men are swines) and a lot of beast synergy (because all men are animals). Thanks Kripp
Hey Imaqtpie! I'm gonna be doing some volunteering next week at a Food Bank and was wondering if you could play a fatty Yasuo game to teach me the Tips n Tricks to feeding! Thanks in advance and God bless
Hello this is the Twitch Chat Examination Team here with anther experiment. We are testing how quickly a message typed into chat is copied and pasted by the mindless hordes. Please, if you're reading this, spread awareness for our cause.
Hey Kripp! So here I was enjoying my favorite food (pizza) and watching your stream having a good time when it started to taste extra salty. It turns out you were being super salty and now have ruined my pizza. Are you going to pay for another pizza or will I have to call the cops? This is serious.
You think this takes concentration? Try healing in World of Warcraft after someone in the group just feared the entire room and the stupid death knight has stolen all the aggro from the tank, all whilst trying to reach deep into the bag for the extra cheesy dorritos. Now THAT is a skill.
here's the test to see if a deck is good or not in constructed: 1) does it have dr boom, 2) does it have sylvanas, 3) is it mech mage. if it meets two out of three criteria it is good
I'm not allowed to take sleep inducement medication, because of a previous addictions to psychoactive drugs. So, my doctor instead prescribed 1 hour of Trump's stream per evening.
Hello Kripparrian, this is Reginald. It has come to my attention that you went 0-3 in Hearthstone arena. This is completely unacceptable and detrimental to the image of Team Solo Mid. Remove any and all affiliation with TSM and "BayLife" or I will be forced to call the 0-3 Police.
Rania arrives home with a paper bag by her hand. "Foodie time !", says Kripp ready to stuff his face in front 20.000 viewers. As Rania hands over the bag and gives him a passionate kiss, she notices that his lips feel different. She looks into his eyes and yells in horror as she sees someone else in Kripps seat. "It seems you have Tissed Krump."
Mr Sanatana, This is Riot, we found out that you have released many of these so called "Dank memes" into our chat so we are disabling LOLalerter for you untill you grow up into an Adulterino and stop trollerino
High in orbit, the Gitraktmaet motherships descend upon the Earth. They prepare to enslave the world and mine it for all its salt, but the scanners detect an abnormally high concentration inside a tiny shack in Greece. The invasion won't be necessary. "Lock onto him with the RNG disruptor," says the captain, greedily. "Soon we shall have all the salt we need."
Dear Kripp, I am a lawyer and I represent StrifeCro. I notice that your 'brofist' is strikingly similar to StrifeCro's 'crofist'. Given that StrifeCro owns the 'fisting' patent, I request that you immediately cease and desist from 'brofisting' any more subs, or my client will take you to court. Yours sincerely, Eddie Barristerino.
After the execution of Cattarian, orchestrated by House Fapparian, Rania Cattarian of House Cattarian vowed to take revenge on her husband and the king of Twitcheros, Kripp Fapparian. Rania infiltrated Kripp's Landing to sprinkle on Kripp's foodies during the royal streaming session. Kripp's last words were, "***, I'M NEVER LUCKY!"
Let's look at this statistically. Assuming you are not Peruvian, your team has four chances to spawn a Peruvian. The other team has five chances to spawn a Peruvian. Overall, you will have less Peruvians then your opponents, and will automatically rise on the ladder. If you aren't rising, you are probably secretly a Peruvian, ruining the statistical balance of sweet victory.
Kripparian's true name is Octavian. Octavian is derived from the Latin word for 8. Latin was the language of Rome. Rome fell to Barbarians. Kripp played a Barbarian. Barbarian is 9 letters. Kripparrian is 11 letters. 9/11. Kripparrian is Illuminati Confirmed.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ DUDUDUDUDUDU ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Guys don't be mean to Tides! Blizzard has hired him to figure out how many legends there are by losing as many ranks as possible. Pls no copypasta.
If that's not his knee then wha... oh my...
MagicAmy PREP'd the scam, CONCEALED his identity, BETRAYED Reynad, SPRINTED with the money and used VANISH.
Three mice for the Diablo 3 players under the sky, Seven for the Hearthstoners in their halls of stone, Nine for Path of Exile doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne In the Land of Greece where the Shadows lie. One mouse to rule them all, One mouse to find them, One mouse to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
Here's the story about the Romanian Kripparrian. Born to a Momarrian and Paparrian. Lived in Canadarrian for some timerrian but is engaged to a womanarrian in Greecerrian. Rainarrian has absorbed Kripparrian and will one day make many babyarrians. Kripparrian and the familyarrian lived happy ever afterarrian. Please no copy pasterrian.
Finally, the Kripp thinks, he will be a Papparrian. "I will raise it perfectly, there'll be nothing he can't do it. What a gift!" But doctor says he has bad news. Kripp is scared. He follows. Rania is holding something covered in blankets and crying. Kripp removes the blanket and looks. Trump smirks, "It seems you tathered Frump."
Hmm, something tells me that Kripps audience has gotten enough from D3 for most part... Just can't really put my finger on...
Hey Reddit, I'm drafting a Rogue Arena deck and I'm 29 cards in. Should I pick Conceal (like how MagicAmy concealed her identity), Sap (like all of us were), or Vanish (like what MagicAmy is about to do)?
Well respected redditor with 197 IQ here chiming in. Seeing as how you've got a number of viewers would it be too hard to maybe mention reddit.com? It's a place to discuss the latest in dank memes, atheism, my little pony and the friend zone.
qt how do i get out of elo hell ive been bronze 5 for 3 years now i main janna adc and i build 5 spirit visages but i keep dying to the golems even when i use smite i know i deserve challenjour so pls help me out senpai masteronii
"Riot games made 5 Dominable League of Legends players who strove to be the best, Imaqtpie, Faker, EU Sucks, and 3 others" - Imaqtpie....
Doublelift best ADC NA? Doublelift's not even the best ADC on CLG
Missed lethal does not exist. It is all a well planned and intelligent BM. Now, BM is a very fragile subject. Some say it is bad, some say it is good. But only the best of the best BM kings know the truth. Putting your opponent on 1 health and ending turn is NOT missed lethal. Not using Grommash on explosive trap for lethal is NOT missed lethal. It is pure outplay and master-level BM. So, next time you spam 'MISSED LEGAL' in chat like retards, think again. Watch and learn kids, do as the masters.
Nice job kripp! You won at a card game that requires an intense amount of skill. I pray that my sons will be like you and win card games with the amount of skill that you win with! If not I'll sacrifice them to RNGesus and pray that they are decent and competent enough to be as incredible as you!
Stop it guys, Kripp doesn't topdeck cards, they just manifest in his hand, only his opponents draw from the top of their decks
Wow, you imbeciles are especially stupid tonight. Repeating yourselves like parrots, spouting puerile taunts at each other, using crude 'emoticons'... Can you even form SENTENCES? One day you'll all be too dumb to even type your 'dongers,' and then twitch chat can finally have some merit. Until then, I'll stick to the moderated streams..
The year was 1999. A much younger trump was getting ready for bed when his mother entered the room. "Sweetums, it's much past your bedtime!" she chides. Obediently, Trump climbs into bed. As his mother lovingly lays the covers over him, she whispers "I hope you enjoy being tucked."
Hiyo there krippery pip! Philo here, just wondering if you'd ever wanna hang out in an "msn" room as the young folks like to call it, anyway please get back to me old pal ol buddyo, heres my fax! 0512 341 301
CHOCOLATE RAIN, hobgoblin into chicken wins the game, CHOCOLATE RAIN, turn one coin in missles, Kripp is slain, CHOCOLATE RAIN, fireball the face and feel the pain, CHOCOLATE RAIN, sacrifice the raptor, all in vain, CHOCOLATE RAIN, Kripp that wrecking of Tay was inhumane
Hello Kripp, your stream has changed my life completely. I suffer from severe NaCl (salt) deficiency disorder. I had to visit the hospital 5 times a week for salt injections. However, watching your stream supplies me enough salt through the screen. You saved me money time and effort. I can't thank you enough. I owe u my life.
Micheal, in this brand new season full of unexpected challenges and adventures in the world that is solo q, what can I / We / YOUR VIEWERS use in order to maximise our game knowledge and as a result increase our chance of getting higher ranks, I need a hyper improvement platform man, hit me up!
G H O S T Y : A ghosty is a poorly trained stream sniper that uses picture frames to maintain close visual contact with the enemy and engage targets from concealed positions or distances exceeding the detection capabilities of their opponent
Months have passed. Hosty has lost everything. "I wish I never ghosted" says a heavily drunk Hosty as he notices a dark figure behind him."I can give you your life back as long as you do something for me" says Amaz. Hosty knowing what Amaz wants bends over and lets him have his way. Afterwards as he cries on bed, Amaz whispers in his ear "I lied. Again"
<(-O-)> POWERING UP <(-O-)> PORTAL ONLINE
Do you take Rania to be your lawfully wedded wife?" asks the priest. Kripp smiles as he slips the ring on her finger. "Yes I do," he says, squinting in the glare of a foggy day. The priest says, "You may kiss the bride." as the crowd cheers. Kripp lifts Rania's veil and recoils in horror. Trump smirks, "It seems you've tarried Mrump."
Hey there Mister Michael Santana, i'm Fedora McTippersen, president of the ultimate gentleman Reddit Group. We come to contact you in great euphoria to ask if you wanna join us in our path to enlight the world about atheism. Goodnight, M'lord.
\BibleThump/\BibleThump/ *GROUP HUG* \BibleThump/\BibleThump/ *GROUP HUG* \BibleThump/\BibleThump/
It's 3:00 A.M. and Imaqtpie "Michael" Santana has to be up soon to stream. He awakens with a cold sweat screaming an with fear. Lisher awakes too and tries to sooth him. "Whats wrong baby?" QTPie says with a look of horror on his face "C-Crumbz picked rengar again..."
Dear Mr. Morosan, this is the Hellenic Ministry of Health. We have received reports of excessive production on your Twitch channel. You are a toxic individual and are hereby classified a Class A threat to national security. Please turn yourself in at the nearest station to be deported.
"Hey Hosty, I've got some bad news." says Amaz to Hosty. "But I wasn't ghosting I swear!" he replies, sweating heavily. "It's alright, I won't fire you, as long as you do something for me." Hosty knows what Amaz wants. He bends over and lets Amaz have his way. Afterwards, as he cries on the bed, Amaz whispers in his ear, "I lied. You're fired..
Today pro-gaming team TSM announced that their star Hearthstone player Jeffrey "Trump" Shih will be moving to Australia to captain their new division, AuTSM. Way to go Trump!
Pedestrian: i want to give a shout out to sidewalks for keeping me off the streets
Hey Reynad, I bought two bundles of asparagus today. I only needed one but the other can be 'a spare i guess'.
Eminem is great but I listen to 3Pac, M&Ms, 3 Chainz, Big Wayne, Small Sean, 60 Cent, Snoop Catt, Mr. Dre, Ice Cubed, Old Jeezy, Jay-Y, Soulja Girl, Jizz Khalifa, Anna Kendrick Lamar, Hard-E, Andre 2999, Big B, Weak Mill, Semi-Automatic Kelly, Adult Cudi, Wu-Tang Tag Team, KRS-Two, and Kanye East instead.
Hello Children, this is Sandown's mother, I am here to politely ask you all to stop making fun of my son. He has always had social problems and it really hurts his feelings when you guys make fun of him. I'm sure you will all be reasonable about this.
Honestly, that's what Icall a cool story bro. Such a riveting tale, I honestly copy andpasted itto word, saved on my hard drive, backed it up on a jump drive, drove to the bank, put the jump drive in the safe deposit box, and will leave it there until my kids turn about 12 (when they can actually state their age, and ask what it is I'm showing them), when I will pick it up, put it in an old USB drive reader and relay this cool story to them and tell them, "kids, this is what a cool story should look and sound like...not like the stories your generation tells
Hey Kripp, Im excited to think of what the next hoodie color will be. This ones been going strong 20 days in a row now. Maybe we'll go back to the blue one or even the other light grey one that was worn for 30+ days. It's like a game now.
Hello twitch admins. I am here to report a streamer named "TSM_Kripp". She is currently violating the new twitch rules, and is constantly moaning suggestively in her stream. I am trying to watch her game but she just keeps yelling "TOPDICK" or "INSANE" after she gets rekt. Please take action against her as soon as you can. Thank you.
I am a degree 6 Zoosexual, sexually and emotionally attracted to Tyrannosaurs and nothing else. Women don't even do it for me. I am cursed to live my life in the misery that my most powerful emotional fantasies will never be even close to coming true. Life is like hell to me. I will never know true love.
It was a hot and sultry night at the c9 gaming house. everyone was in bed except for meteos and sneaky. "we can't keep doing this, baby" says sneaky. "put that mouth to use, you dirty tramp" replies meteos. "LCS starts tmrw, and if you expect me to carry you again, i need to you to suck me to completion." sneaky grins sl*ttily, and goes to town
All this salt has formed into the giant salt monster known as Kripp. For all the salt of the ocean can not keep him at bay. Blame RNG and lose! Then go to cast another player cause you can't play. The salt is real, the salt is kripp, and thats why he losses.
The Dead Sea is a salt lake bordering Jordan to the east, and Israel and the West Bank to the west. It is also one of the world's saltiest bodies of water. It is 9.6 times as salty as the ocean.[6] This salinity makes for a harsh environment in which all but one animal can flourish, hence its name. The only creature that can live in such high salinity levels is Reynard. He is also the reason for the dead seas high salinity.
I sexually Identify as a meme. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of being uploaded onto the imgur website and linked into the reddit threads. People say to me that a person being a meme is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a computer scientist put my brain into my computer like johnny depp in transendence, equipping me with the dankest of pictures from the internet. From now on I want you guys to call me "Sir Danks-a-lot" and respect my right to meme from above and meme needlessly. If you can't accept me you're a memephobe and need to check your internet privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
I'm here to speak with you about a very important issue that we in the LoL community face everyday, memes. Memes are infiltrating our ranked queues. Memes are infiltrating our in-houses. Memes are raping our mothers and killing our fathers. The World Health Organization has traced the source to a subset of extremely toxic streamers. This group of streamers is led by the one called imaqtpie. If you ever come in contact with imaqtpie, please do a 360 and moonwalk away from his stream. Unfollow and unsubscribe. If you do this, we may still have a chance. I dream of a future where LoL is played in parks and playgrounds, in office and student lounges, and even in the bedroom, completely free of memes. Please support our cause and no pasterini
Micheal, in this brand new season full of unexpected challenges and adventures in the world that is solo q, what can I / We / YOUR VIEWERS use in order to maximise our game knowledge and as a result increase our chance of getting higher ranks, I need a hyper improvement platform man, hit me up!
Hey Reynad, King of Nigeria here. Through generations of inbreeding, my family tree now looks more like a family reef. The genetic defects are getting out of hand. My grandson was just born with a giant donger on his head. How will this affect my reign?
Let me see if i understand this: people come to Twitch.tv to watch pro players or no life people stream and what do viewers do? they copy paste any brainless thing and feel good about it. I think you should rethink about your whole life.
The year is 2020 Kripp is playing Hearthstone with his son Kripp Jr. "Looks like you lose Daddy hehe, but I still love you!", he says topdeckingly... "Oh my *** god dude thats *** unreal, how can I lose to people this bad", Kripp spits coldly with hate in his eyes. Kripp Jr. begins to cry....
Trump and Massan watch Kripp together in silent amusement as he slowly enters TSM's lair. "Kripp" Trump announces, "your journey to casualness is almost complete. Henceforth, you shall be known as, Casualarrian." Kripp bows down before him, and says " It is my destiny."
Hello TSM_Kripp, TSM manager here. We can see that you aren't wearing our TSM T-shirt. Remember that it is a vital part of our contract. If you want the fuckmaster-vol7ron you better wear the damn shirt.
SECURITY ALERT: A Romanian man, roughly 6'5", skeleton thin, with black hair and scraggly beard has been seen riding the NYC Sub train and violently "Bro-Fisting" passengers. He's accompanied by a short Asian man dressed as Hitler who reputedly cuts out the tongue of anyone who refuses to give him $5. Exercise caution and stay way from the Subs!
Hey Kripp! So here I was enjoying my favorite food (pizza) and watching your stream having a good time when it started to taste funny. It turns out you were being super salty and now have ruined my pizza. Are you going to pay for another pizza or will I have to call the cops? This is serious.
2003-2014 R I P Kattarian, you will be missed. I know Kripp would do unspeakable sexual things to you off stream and he killed you in a salt rage after getting top decked and then tells us that you are "temporarily gone" but just know this, chat loved you and we know you're in a better place safe from Kripp's evil
Rania: "why are you playing Diablo 3, Kripp? How can we afford Big Fat Greek Wedding with 5k Diablo viewers?" But the Kripp doesn't listen. He plays Diablo 3 and loses all his viewers and gets married in a shack.
Hey Kripp this is Juan Castro from Mexico. Me Englando is ferry bad but i just wantet to zay zat i crossed the river in a rubber boot to Murica to become a pro player! One day i saw ur stream and i see how handsome and good u are. Dat day i decided i wanna become like u! Zo i killed my wife sold her, bought a rubber boat and now im here! Zank u for inspiring me! One day i become good player and pimp like u! or else rapist like unle Benni No coparoni peperoni pastarino plz!
The Tuck Frump movement started in 1944 as a splinter group of the French Resistance. Though initially suppressed by the Nazi superweapon "U-Boat mode", the movement gained strength as the war went on. Today we honor the brave veterans that stood against facism with their rallying cry, Tuck Frump.
Hey Kripparian its me Chuck Testa. I'd personally like to Taxidermize your friend beast Cattarian. "Hey Kripp, it's me Cattarian and I approve of this method!" NOOOOPE it's just me Chuck Testa. Your cat would appreciate being worshiped and praised in the afterlife though. So, lets get that cats body and let me do my hobby.
Tells the legend that a long time ago all sea's water was fresh. But one tragic day a baby came out of the sea and was found by a group of african sea men. One week later, after the little baby saw the sea men play Hearth of Stone all the water turned salty. So they named him Kripp, which in Afrikaans means The One Who Brings Salt
Mr. Kripp, I would like to personally thank you for saving my life. I lead a stressful life and have dangerously high blood sugar. Your stream has provided a constant influx of salt which has balanced my blood sugar levels, and according to the doctor I'm gonna do just fine now. Please remember that every time you get flamestriked, your saltiness cures another middle-aged man like myself of diabetes.
Casual Kripp has finally reached the bottom. He has descended to casualness not often witnessed. He watches other people play and imagines their wins as his. His ego is inflated to enormous levels, and he cannot help but pat himself on the back and take credit for a game he did not play. His ego is satisfied for now, but what comes next?
In the Realm of the Saltiverse, a young Saltkeeper named Kripparrian was chosen to free his people from their ancient enemy, the Mods. Using the magical power of Copy and Paste, Kripparrian sacrificed his salt force to banish the mods to Trump's chat. However, in doing so, Kripparian paid the ultimate sacrifice and became Casual. Please copy pasterino this talerino, so we do not forgetterino the legenderino of the Saltkeeperio Kripperino.
Hello Kripp, Papparian here. I recently returned from my business trip. All the furniture is gone, my bank accounts are empty and I found out you moved to Europe. What in the heck is going on???
Look guys the rules are pretty simple. You are allowed to copypasta and participate in it, but if you are the only one copy pasting it over and over it is time to stop and think about your life and come up with something better to do
The Ghost of Gaming Future shows Kripp a nice house in the Toronto suburbs. Inside, Kripp, Rania and their sons are happily gaming as a family. "This isn't so bad," says Kripp. "Look closer," speaks the Ghost. Kripp looks in horror to see his sons are using tablets and playing browser cash-shop games. "This is your future Casualarrian."
"PARFAIT!", says the Chief of the French Police. "We now have ze best one! Come my friend, together we can stop ze terrorists! Welcome to our ZNIPER TEAM!!". A smile appears on HufferNudes face. "Let's snipe".
Hello. I am a 15 year old Rhinoceros. The only problem is that my horn on my head is soft and limp. As you may know this is very devastating to a rhino like myself. If there are any rhinos out there that can help me with my problem it would be appreciated. Please dont copy paste this. This is my story.
Dear Kripp, it has come to my attention that one of your mods "Leifman" has been abusing his authority as mod and banning people for no good reason. I would appreciate if you took some time out of your schedule to take action and remove his mod status. Thank you!
Studies show that ingesting too much salt can kill healthy bacteria in your digestive track, this can cause side-effects ranging from a weak immune system, acid reflex, and being a casual...
Key Kripp! I'm Rob! I just purchased a fresh, legal dimebag from a Colorado dealer and intend to celebrate. I hope your arena wins soar as high as I'm going to be during the stream
I went to a MTG tournament in Denver to meet Brian Kibler and ask him in person "Are you Reynad's dad?" I needed the truth. I approached Kibler and asked him for a semen sample. Kibler gave a coy smile, "There's only one way you're getting semen out of me." I got on my knees and took the sample. I still don't know if Kibler is Reydad but we've been dating for 5 days now.
Two guys are in a boat with three cigarettes. They had no fire, so they threw one of the cigarettes overboard, and the entire boat became a cigarette lighter.
Hey Reynad, I am Bamalama Shmamahdu, from the Congo. We regret to inform you that your shipment of child solders may be a bit late this month due to a shipping error. We are very sorry for this inconvenience, and you will receive AIDS, free of charge as our way of saying sorry.
My sister bet 100 dollars that I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should've seen the look on her face as I drove pasta!
I like pom. You read that wrong. You have a dirty mind and I hope you have a bad day. Goodbye and please go to church. Cleanse your mind, soul and body. Thank you.
Hey Kripp, this is the Grand Dragon of the KKK, Jebodiah Pasterino. I see you're wearing one of our signature white hoods. We at the KKK do not associate with casuals such as yourself. Please remove the hood or we will take legal action.
Kripp my friend bought your Stupid Lizard shirt and he told me he got meme'd! I can't believe you'd go out in the world and do that? Meme someone. I'll have you know my best dog was meme'd back in 'Nam. It ruined him. RIP dog
"Frodan, be nicer to Kripp," Reynad says in his office at Tempo Storm HQ. "I was just having a laugh," replies Frodan. "I know, but he's a casual and sensitive. Apologize to him. I'm inviting him over to 'cast' a 'tournament' and want him in a good mood," Reynad winks. Frodan bows and says, "Yes master."
Hello Octavian, Bobby Smith's mother here. I noticed more blood in Bobby's underwear doing his laundry this week. You kids and your brofisting!
Hello Reynad, big fan here trying to fulfill my dreams of being an industrial vacuum for constipated hospital patients, any tips on sucking ass?
I know my opinion is irrelevant because I am a pleb, but hear me out. Are us plebs as insignificant as we are made out to be? If there were no plebs, could there be any subs? I know were seen as copypasta bots, but I am a pleb and I am PROUD. SET AN EXAMPLE FOR US, FELLOW PLEBS, DO NOT FUCKING COPY AND PASTE THIS!
Hi Kripp, Mike Morhaime, President of Blizzard Entertainment here. I notice you're playing one of our older games. I have to warn you, the games we made in that era weren't casual-friendly. A casual player like yourself might get injured!
Mill druid is a great example of the theory of relativity. The closer you get to the mill horizon the more time expands, eventually becoming infinite.
Hey everyone! Google employee here. Looks like you guys are having a good time Kappa. Just a friendly reminder to link your Google+ account and avoid streaming any copyrighted material. Game on!
Using footage of Octavian "Kripp" Morosan's mindnumbingly slow Hearthstone games, a landmark sleep study at Cologne University has successfully replicated the brain patterns produced in a comatose state. Lead researcher Don Pepporoni had hopes that this research will be able to cure the thousands of mentally invalid children who have, of late, been reduced to perpetual shitposting on video game streams.
It is the year 2134. I am one of the last people on the planet. Nearly everyone was wiped out in the Great Thermo-War. Now there is no reason to live. I open my holodeck-transponder and go to "Twitch tv". I turn on Kripp's stream and see that he has made it to Rank 10. I succumb to my radiation poisoning.
When I'm ready to go to sleep I grab my laptop and get in bed. I open my laptop, go to Kripps youtube, turn the brightness all the way up and watch the video with the laptop screen close to my eyes. When the video is done I close my eyes and can still see Kripps face while I go to sleep. It's the only way I can feel safe.
Kripp! Its Andrew from that college party last year. Man I haven't seen you in forever! How did you manage to get out of jail so quickly after beating up that defenseless hooker?!
Kripp puts his hands on my hips and looks into my eyes. His face comes closer as he plants his wet lips onto mine. We are locked together in a beautiful display of love. Then I wake up. I look at Kripp's stream. He is playing Mill Druid. Now I remember why I fell asl...
Hi Kripp it's Jarl Balgruuf the Greater. I heard you are trying to play other games when we need you here at Skyrim to clean up the dragons. Quit what you are doing right now and come join me as the new Whiterun Thane. My axe is ready as your reward.
Hey Forsen, this Ali Muhammed from ISIS camp in Syria. Because you played that Skrillex song defiling our god we will now bomb your home unless you pay us 15 camels.
Aloha Forsen, my name is King Kamehameha, King of Hawaii. I want to invite you to come to our tropical island paradise to teach us Cardstone. You will be compensated with a million palm leaves (over 10 million Swedish dollars). We would love to hear from you. Please no copypasterino
`So today i was in the supermarket going to buy some cheese for the next week before the stores close, got 8 packages of finest Dutch. When i was waiting in line to pay for it a gentleman in front of me collapsed, his wife looked at us and said "He has Hypoglycemia, someone please bring something that contains sugar!!". I immediately ran to the sweets section, after only 1 minute of choosing since i was in a hurry, i went with ice-cream snickers bar and ran back to the register, with my trembling hands i got rid of the plastic cover, i leaned to the old gentleman, when he turned to me: "I know you..." he said "you are that guy from Twitch... Keep it, you need it more with all that salt..." -Forsen 2015
Dear Forsen I'm trying to copy your godly Deck but I'm having a hard time finding the card "The Coin." If you could specify how I unlock this card it would be much appreciated. Please no copy pasterino
Hey Forsen, I want to play control warrior but I'm missing: Grommash, Alexstrasza, Harrison, Sylvanas, Baron Geddon, Shield Slam, Brawl, Naxx, and the Hearthstone game. Can you suggest replacements?
i'm lying on my bed watching Qtpie stream.. my knees are up.. i'm trying to close my legs... but something about Qtpie's play makes me want to force my hands.. lower.. and lower.. i'm so embarassed...my fist is clenched so tight.. as i bite hard.. on my lips
kripp can u please roleplay so when ur hero takes damage u pretend u take damage in real life? thank you
Does anyone ever notice how QT calls all his subs dudes? Honestly this is the only reason I don't subscribe. As a 16 year old female from cali I would not like to be called a dude when I have female genitalia. Please spread awareness.
Hello twitch chat, this is "xXswaglordDarienXx" from Rito Games. I've noticed a lot of you are copy pasting the same message over and over again and that unfortunately goes against the Summoners Code, so I will be forced to ban everyone in this chat. Thank you and please do not copy and paste this message.
Hey Kripp, its the "cocklock" you just beat. I'm on the phone with my mom right now, and she isn't very happy with you. She is coming over now to comfort me, and then we are going to have to report you to the police. I hope you enjoy jail.
I would tuck frump into bed every night if I could
Hello Mr. Kripparian, its Reynad's attourney here, i see you are using my client's new deck, the Millerino Druidino. We will send you the fees for using his new deck idea, please stay in touch with us or we will have to take the needed providences. Have a good climb, no pasterino please. Nice cat u have.
This deck is gayer than a malaysian transvestite f*cking a man on an inflatable seahorse
"H-h-ey Rania, could we go on a date when I visit Europe for ESGN?" Kripp blushes as he asks him timidly over skype. "It doesn't have to be serious, just coffee or something." Rania smirks. "Sure Kripp, as soon as you stop being hardcore," She types while tucking Frump
Hello Kripp this is BLIZZARD, remember how we gave you every card...golden! Just to get you to legend. And you're stuck at 9? Its the end of the season Kripp... were gonna have to terminate your casual account.
I got timed out for 525 seconds for typing hahaha, In this time I realized that twitch originated from Nazi Germany and thus I grew the most manly pubic hair in my entire life and ate it to sooth my pains. Please no copy seig heil pasta
Sebastian Fors, I think it'll be hard for you to take this in but here go. I've wanted to write you this message since the day you started streaming. Though I'm not happy how you act here, roleplaying and god knows what while streaming. But you know that I will allways love you. I'm coming to dreamhack this summer and I'll finally get to meet you. If you remember your mother, Hafu, you will understand why leaving you with her was my only option... I have not been the greatest father... but I'll allways love you and care for you. Even though people call you a roleplayer I will allways protect you. WIth love from me, your dad, to you, my son. - Trump
Hello twitch chat. This is michaels mother speaking. Please stop the spam in the chat. I can't read the amazing conversations that you are having about my son. Thanks. Don't copy and paste this to spam more or I will tell Michael to ban you all.
Dear Mr Rodriguez Qtpie. This is Urgot, the best ranged champion since Thresh ADC. I must confess that I find your consistant playing of other ADCs whilst neglecting me racist. Urgot demands playtime!!
Hey as an URGOT main I go on to this "skill-capped.com" and what do i find? ABSOLUTELY nothing!! Why is this QT what am I to do with my life?
Guys please stop spamming. My dog, Bernard, looked at my chat and got so dizzy because of the spam that he fell down and hit his noggin right on his food bowl! He couldn't talk for hours. Please stop spamming, for Bernard.
Hey Kripp, I'm drafting a Rogue Arena and I'm 29 cards in. Should I pick Backstab (like you backstabbed Paparrian ) Betrayal (like you betrayed Paparrian ) or Vanish (like you vanished from Paparrian)
Let me tell you about Felipe. Felipe is good boy from Guadalajara. He wake at 6:00 to make food for white man. He eat his chipotle like a good boy, and clean the taco like a good boy. When he finish burrito he play stonehearth, but Felipe is sad. Felipe say he no win because of Kripp, and Felipe want retribution. Beware your taco kripp, it may have jalapeno poison...
Hey Kripp, I just finished writing my most recent copypasta, but it needs something else and I was wondering if you can help. My pasta is really just not salty enough and needs some PJSalt. Pls help me finish my masterpiece.
Hello Twitch, it is me, Goku. I need your help to create the ultimate Spirit Bomb so I can defeat Frieza, but I need your help. Raise your hands in the air and prove it by typing \o/. Together we can save the universe.
Press 1 if you once had aspirations and dreams but have now given up all hope and devolved into mindless shitposting.
Kripp, this is an intervention. We are very worried about you. Ever since you started playing Hearthstone, you have been becoming more and more casual. We care about you very much, but we can't just sit back and watch you torture yourself. Perhaps religion may help, have you heard of your lord and savior, RNGesus?
Hello Reynad, this is your Mother. I heard earlier that you are going out with this new boy. I am very concerned. I dont like that Bro-Fister Kripp and I dont think you should hang out with him anymore. Whatever happened to that Tides boy? He had the nicest smile. Please copy paste this message so that my daughter can see this. -.--.-
hello cute pie, my name is macaroni struthers and i am here to enlighten you about the dangers of a drug called "mary wanna." it is a very dangerous drug that can kill your life! so be careful please and do not consume it
Dear Mr. Pie, I am from the NAAUP (National Association for the Advancement of Urgot Players) and myself and my organization has taken a notice to you never playing Urgot. We feel this is highly discriminatory and would ask that you rectify this by playing Urgot immediately. Thank you.
Hello mr michael "ImAPie" santana i am writing to tell you how removing adblock make me better at "Leaf Of Legend". i remove adblock and see add for "Skillcap". Skillcap help me become bestest LoL player in Somalia - Bronze 4. Worth sell wife.
HELLO cutie it's Darshan the mashtomp and i want to get back into DIG. Even though I don't eat meat i will gladly suck yours for us to DUO REUNITE. I will even get scarra "gragas" wukong to join. Love, Darshan marshan of the il larshan kaperino no fettuchini pastrino
Dear Qtipie Im Osvaldo Enchilada, Im from a very far away country named Mexico (the bornplace of fabbby) and I really want to become a pro, like you, Im gona quit my job from the burritos factory, and start playing, Im in silver IV but I will be challenger, and be a hero to my 7 childs, god bless and never stop burning those marijuanas boy.
Yo QT, it's me... Scarra... I know what we said before and I hope we can just put it behind us... We need an Epik skill-capped MEMER LORD to come carry us. Peng Yalang just isn't doing it for us anymore....
dear mr im too dank to call or write my fans. this is the last meme ill ever send your ass. its been 6 months and still no accept. i dont deserve it? i know you got my last two friend requests i wrote the memes on em perfect. i love you cutie, we culdve been together think about it
My name is Edmond Krune from Australia. I work with the Australian border patrol and we have been receiving multiple immigrants by the name of "imaqtpie". After assembling intelligence from all our data bases we have traced it down to this website. Please make sure to stop immigrating into Australia Mr. imaqtpie. Please do not copy and paste this top secret highly classified storingo dogeringo.
Hello Mr. Kripp, on behalf of the entire Greek country, I would like to thank you for single handedly restoring our economy with your endless supplies of salt. Salt mines are now Greece's #1 export. Most excellent, all hail Kripperino!
Bonjourno my name es Luigi and i am from italiano and i own a restaurant called Dongerino where we make the best copy pasterino and copy pizzarino in the whole world so if you go to italiano plis come visit us you wont be disapointino. Sry for bad americano and plis no coperino pasta alfredo ravioli ravili give me the formuoli
After months of careful and thorough research, I have discovered that Hunters, quite literally, do NOT have the capacity to trade minions. They are physically unable to attack an opponents minion with one of theirs. They a compelled by some mysterious force to mindlessly attack the face of their opponent.
Hi my nam is Rebuken Im Challenged 5 in yugoslavic server 550 ping. You big insperatino to me and wish we can trio duo queueue so we be the best league of llemons team in america. I has green car to go to america and i barely speako englisho. this is transalte from gaagle pro. Byes XOXO, kiss love.
Hi me name is Kowak and I are from Poland. Sorry for me bed England. I works in a shop, and i only earn a little money. So to afford an computer i had to selled me girlfriend. But I cant play LOL? Me heard that someone say something about internett, but what is internett? Ples help me poor human from poland. And no copy pasterino trollerino
Greeting Michael, this is your Mother. I heard earlier that you "maybe" 420 blaze it. I am very concerned. I dont like that Pobelter boy and I dont think you should hang out with him anymore. I hope the rest of you concerned mothers in twitch chat will copy paste this so my son will see...
Hey Kripp, Just got back from a 529 second time out, and while I waited for it, I was busy doing my homework when I found out Uranus is actually a planet in our solar system! How cool is that! Please share this valuable information with Kripp and Friends! I'd love for them to get some knowledge Please Copy Papaloonie!
Guten tag mutterfugers. Das ist Gestrud Hitlerino of 1945. We are in need of assisterino for defeating the Russkis of Easterino. If you would lend your Mods to assisterino, we would be danke and one with stream. Please no copy seig heil pasta
THIS JUST IN: Stores across the world are reporting a major shortage of 'store brand Cola'. Sources indicate that over 20 million bottles were sold within minutes of an endorsement by some dirty Romanian living in Athens.
Hey, kripp! What's up, man? It's Mike from Woman History class last semester. I didn't know you were some kind of internet superstar hahahaha. Hit me up, man. Btw, did you ever hook up with Leifman? She was a big girl hahah. You are such a dog. It's so cool to see you again. You have my numbah. Just hit me up, man.
Hello Kripp, this is Anne, just letting you know that the DNA test came back positive and I will be seeing you in court to get my child support. Oh and btw she is now 4 years old and asking where is daddy ***, either way see you in court..
Kripp, this is Alnilamlol - I am a long time viewer and you never brofisted me when i subbed 1 year ago - please fulfill my dreams kripp .. Please ..
When a Stream Sniper looks at a stream, its seen as a bit of naughty fun. BUT when Kripp orders a 420YoloQuickSc0peR MLG 5000 Stream Sniper Rifle with a 10/10 BM magazine, orange juice holder, Cattarian reticle, with custom well met rounds, and an optional built in asshurt detection system, he's a casual.
Hello Octavian, this is the Catarrian's mother. I am writing to in human words because the Catarrian feels he has been mistreated. He tells me "meow" which means that he feels you are not giving him enough stream time. And he also said "Nyaa," which means you better pet the Catarrian
Coke is not vegan. Vegans and vegetarians should note that a our drinks contain small traces of fish gelatine, which is used as a stabiliser for the beta-carotene colour. Not only is Kripp a casual gamer, he is a casual vegan as well!
Hey mods I just wanted to congratulate you all and give proper respect for keeping our chats safe from the evils of Twitch, the spammers, and sexual predators. Without you and your methods, which have no affiliation to the leading German political party within the time frame of World War 2, we would not be able to enjoy a fun, clean environment in which we can enrich ourselves with game knowledge and truly become one as a great family for the greater good of internet chatrooms. Again, I would like to say you have done a wonderful job and hope to see you all keep up the great work.
What is the purpose of twitch if not to let those with introversion let out their wierdest inner thoughts in writing through random emotes to an awkward king like forsen. Please no cheese in my pizza. Fettuccini Alfredo
Reynad, this is excellent music. I'm slowly stroking my shaft to it. With each card you drop I grip slightly tighter, the smooth jazz elevator music hybrid piping in my soft supple ears. You sexy bastard you
Don't forget. As Kaceytron once said... Forsen is a 19 year old Russian fanboy that has obvious drug and alcohol problems. Let's all share this message to let people be aware of the danger of being a roleplaying streamer. 1 = 1 Prayer.
Reynaldo, I have consistently around ten viewers, and its so annoying whenever I stream because I constantly get sniped, these plebs wouldn't understand, me and you know the real struggle. I have an 100% win rate when im not streaming and only a 5% when I am, just like you.
That's just great...really..i expected more from a "friend" of mine. You know, i work hours, and hours on those copypastas. I gave in all, really. I tried to make it perfect. Why? Because i wanted to impress you. Yes you. My "friend". Or at least i tought you were one. But when im done, you just stab me in the back, and steal my creation?! Really?! I would have expected somthing like this from a random twitch viewer, but not from you. Honestly, i think it's just simply disgusting. I...I can't even find words...You know what? If this is the reaction i'm getting, i'll just stop. Yes. I'll stop, and never post a copypasta ever again! It's because of you...my "friend".
When jon lenon was 10 his teacher askd "what do u wana do when u are adult?" and jon lenon said "hapy". the teacher said "u didn't understand question" and lenon said "u dont understand life.". The teacher was alber Einstein, retweet if u beliv in god
Hello, my name is Boris Ilya Pistolento. I'm from a small village in cold Siberia. For many years I dreamed of a profession, Cardstone player! But tetris all I can do. One day a trucker was crash in the back of the house of mine and a box fell out. It was the commodore 64, my dreaming is comming to reality. Now I can join the local tournamento, the prize pool of which 4 potatoes. Please no Copy-Pasta!
R-N-G Remittance-based Number Generation, was a phrased developed by Blizzard in 2013 Hearthstone Beta(2014 official release). The phrase describes Blizzard's sentiment off *** YOU PAY US MORE MONIES RIGHT *** NOW. If the player does not pay $4.50 average per week, ugly loss accruing algorithms are enabled.
Lieutenant General Octavian, we regret to inform you that the Chinese have successfully built a full golden Hearthstone collection before you with their superior economy and rng. You are hereby relieved of all duties pertaining to the hell we call Hearthstone...It's over, Kripp.
This is the best possible chat. The combination of inteligence and tolerance, it's just crazy. I never thought I'd ever say this, but you guys make me proud I'm a member of twitch chat.
Good Evening, my name is Gabe Newell from the Microsoft team, and from analyzing your browser history we are here to inform you that your Windows XP Operating system is not valid. Your OS will be locked in 15 minutes until you have paid for the Microsoft product. If you have any questions or concerns please don't hesitate to call us!
Sometimes, late at night when I am under my covers, I touch my stealth donger and think of the greatest hearthstone player, the very best there ever was, then in a desperate attempt to not fap i think of Kripp, and that's it, donger is gone, i whisper "casual" and go back to sleep.
When Kripp gets a good topdeck, its seen as a bit of skillful fun. BUT when his opponent topdecks precisely the only card that can beat him, and there's nothing Kripp can do, together with a CRAZY deck that his deck can't win against, hes called lucky?
Hello, i come to seek help. I am interested in trying to discover a way to produce eggs much like a chicken does. i have tested inserting the egg into myself and hoping it will act like a seed and grow like a tree in my belly but so far it has not been successful. Please help i struggle to sleep at night without an answer.
Kripp you obviously don't understand it's viewers that bring you money, and your job is to entertain them. Playing deathwing will decrease your chance to win by 1% but get all the viewers happy. Priorities yo.
Kripps anguish in his expression is palpable, his gray eyes burning. 'im going to CHUGGA,' he murmurs, his voice full of longing. I brace my self for his cold hard thrust. his ice lance pierces. As he presses closer, my breathing quickens. He has lethal, my body explodes.
Kripp, this is Don salteroni from Sodium enterprises, we would like to remind you to renew your season pass as soon as possible if you would like to continue receiving daily shipments of table salt, best regards Don salteroni. pls no
I gasp in horror as Kripp pulls out his "huge gun". It can only be described as a Twisting Nether. He says "I got lethal now ". Then he topdecks Blizzard and frosts my face. I groan as he grabs my package and whispers "No sniperinos on my stream..." Then he continues to Gorehowl me.
Forskin used to work at the sperm bank but was fired for drinking on the job
Forsen enters his bedroom and notices something unusual. In his bed lays a 6/3 Reynad in stealth. Forsen has no answer for this play. He passes his turn and prepares himself for the donger of destiny.Kappa
You know how I can be found at a time when you are get to the day before my eyes and I love it so hard for you and you are so a good time waster but it was not the best same as a whole new bunch if it is the only way I am a little more of time
Mindless spam.Spam is a brand of several canned precooked meat products made by the Hormel Foods Corporation. Is mindless spam therefore precooked meat products with the brain left out? Or maybe it's the repetitive commenting withought the use of any cerebral capacity? YOU be the judge
As Kripp frantically tries to fix his router and internet issues. The stays dedicated and vigilante. After trying to fix these issues that arose at hand he finally came to realize that this was all worth nothing. He stopped fixing the issues and threw his computer out the window. He started up a Salt Mining company in the Himalayan mountains called Kripp Salt. He is starting a family and all is well. Thanks Kripp.
10 years since kolento strim.i walk through the empty streets trying to think of something else but my path always leads to the stream. i stare at the screen for hours and try to summon the lord. i watch other asian girls streaming but it is no good. i flame trump in his channel and try to resist the nazi mods but it is all meaningless. the end is near.i then usually watch some old kolento vods and cry myself to sleep.
i once had sleep paralysis and i imagined Kripparian slowly slithering up to me and i felt the brush of his wirey beard press against my chest and his boulder-like face was a miillimeter away from mine and he whispered "..He had the perfect cerds" then drained all my RNG power right out of my chest. I cried for days.
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants, the bartender says "whats with the wheel?". The pirate replies "Arr. it's drivin me nuts"
Hey Kripparino riparino, I know you love your Hearthstone but you promised your loving father that you would start a cooking show soon. The gig is up, after this game you must Gordon Ramsay us one splendarino disharoni.
Hey Mods, I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down. I wanted to say congrats! I know it's hard to manage a TwitchTV chat but I always want to tip my hat off to you guys. Through thick and thin I will still be here to always support you. I know times are hard, but you always come back with a good attitude. I wish you the very best on your next timeouts, and hope you get an even better ban score. I will continue to be here and find new TOS violations as always. Great job Mods. I am rooting for you always! You should be proud.
Kripp! This is Joe from the US marines, thank you so much for playing Diablo 2 again, whenever we need to torture a war criminal for information we just force him to watch, after a few minutes they all break in utter despair and boredom. God speed Kripp!
Ok chat, I'm not seeing nearly enough spam in here, I mean I thought this was supposed to be "the worst chat in twitch" and this is all you got!? The KPM in this chat is WAY too low, it is actually depressing. How am I supposed to enjoy chat without dongers, "FrankerZ's", and the occasional elephant?
Kripp, Google again here. We've noticed that you've been away from Twitch for at least 2 minutes in the past. We're just wondering if everything is okay. Is it still the merchandise? We're serious about raising the price if it's a problem to you. We just want you to have fun, and to of course buy more Twitch merchandise. Our Viewbots are ready to bring you (mostly us) much ad revenue. Thank you Kripp, hope to see you soon
There's 18,000 people watching stream right now, but there's literally the same 5 people posting the same *** constantly. All they do is change their username color so people don't notice. Such a shitty chat.
Hello Kripp, Sandown's mother here, Sandup. I don't appreciate the excessive amount of brofisting you've been doing to my son's rectum. When he sleeps at night all he can dream about is you welcoming him to the "5 dolla club" as you tear his anus apart and cause it to profusely bleed with your fist and it's all your fault that he's so butthurt!
Today, November 25, 2014 marks the day that kripparrian has ripped into the aether. He was hit in the head by a Riot Gas thrown by Ferguson Police all the way from US. Please join me as we all fist ourselves without Lube in his remembrance
Kripp you shaggy looking plant eating bum i bet you can't even afford a real fedora like mine or treat a fine gal to a meal you smelly hobo *walks away turns around tips fedora and continues walking*
ATTENTION: The stream is now in NON-SUB-ONLY mode. If you would like to continue watching Kripparrian, please unsubscribe!
Greetings Kripp, it is I, John "D" Dos, inventor of the DDOS. It has come to my attention that children are using my invention for malicious reasons. Please send me your address, phone number, credit card and social security numbers so I can help you fix this problem.
Hey guys. I am living in poor family with low interneting and very cheap pc barely handle kripp stream at 5 fps and when chat spam my kripp stream crashes so please dont spam the chat thank you.
Dear Kripp, I am a salt manufacturer from Chile and I would like to sponsor you and your channel. If this deal goes through you can make a lot of salt from our overflowing salt mines. From what I hear, salt is a hot commodity nowadays. Forever yours, Felipe Gomez
Dear chat, please top switching the first 2 letters of words; thereby forming a new or complety bogus word. For example in the two word sentence: "MIC MUTED". I and manny others have no idea what this means because you have switched the M with M and the M with the M. This confuses me to infinity. Thanks in advanced.
Spam is a brand of several canned precooked meat products made by the Hormel Foods Corporation. It was first introduced in 1937 and gained popularity worldwide after its use during World War 2
Kripp, if you don't play a lonely island song in the next 5 minutes i will go to your house, pet your cat, eat your pizza, drink your oj, spill your salt and copy your pasta, plz no copy pasterino lonerino islanderino
fck my life!!! I have a 197 word essay due tomorrow and I have no idea where to start. Just WAIT till you kiddies have real homework, then we will see how much time you have to spam in here
Hey Kripp remember you don't play for the gold or for the wins, you play to feel the emotion on the topdick, the on the defeat, you live for the BM, because you can be one with your cards, but mostly because at least through the match you're free. plz no linguini
Hey Kripp this is your new fan Edward! I've never heard of you before but I just finished watching your HILARIOUS #FAIL video and I can safely say that it was one of the funniest and most erotic videos I have ever masturbated to in my time. Please keep making them so that my left arm will continue to grow stronger every day also BTW I am left handed
Listen here, you scrublords: swiggety-swaggety-swoo is the bee's knees! Now if you disagree, I'll napalm your house m8! Get rekt! 1 v 1 me on RUST! Subscribe or I'll quick scope you non-blud. Puff puff puff 420 blaze--everyday!
Wow. Wanna know how I know that this guy doesn't know what he is doing? He plays Flame Imp, a card that does 3 damage to the guy that plays it. Clearly he doesn't understand that if you run out of health you lose.
Those 2 names share 4 letters. Half way between 2 and 4 is 3. Hyp3d also has a 3 in his name. A triangle has 3 sides. Illuminati is a triangle. TempoStorm = Illuminati CONFIRMED MATH CANT BE WRONG GUYS
Hello Twitch chat, i am new to Twitch and wanted to know who this "T U C K" guy is and why everyone wants to "F R U M P" him? I thank you for your answers and pls no copy pasta this spam Greyface
It has come to my understanding that our very own Forsken has turned in to a sellout. He no longer reads chat but only reads the $2 donations he gets. He accuses Frump of being a sellout, but is actually now worse than Frump. Please copy and paste this message to spread awareness. Be careful, selling out can affect a stream near you.
Hi Foreskin, it's Reynard here. I want you to join my team Temple Storm. You are very salty and we like that. I will play you $500 American, more than a Swede makes in a lifetime. I will also be requiring your salt for my hair.
Hi chat and forsen, I am wondering what I can replace auctioneer for in my Miracle rogue deck, do you think Goldshire Footman will work? Thanks and hope you suggest good cards. Greetings from Nigeria
u wot m8? i swer u are one cheeky cunt mate, say it to my face and not online and we'll see what happens. i swer 2 christ I'll hook you in the gabba. you better shut your mouth or im calling me homeboys rite now preparin for a proper rumble. tha rumble thatll make your nan sore jus hearin bout it. yer in proper mess ya nob head.
They say 9 out of 10 twitch users are dumb. I'm so glad to be in the other 1 percent
I beat Kripp once, but my deck was insane, I topdecked the exact cards I needed for lethal, actually Kripp played it perfectly, there was nothing he could do, it was such a joke.
Kripp, it's your son Krippunks from the future. In the year 2020, the Earth is attacked by a series of Hearthstone Bots called RNGdroids 17 and 18. Everyone dies except Reynad and me. He trains me to be a Salt Warrior. You must train to defeat the RNGdroids!
Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Bro-Fist-All-My-Subs, this'll be the last pasta I ever send your ***. It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve it? I know you got my last two pastas; I wrote the Kappas on 'em perfect. I'm in the chat right now, spamming penises in r9k. Hey Kripp, I drank a fifth of OJ, you dare me to riot?
Hey Kripp. I was watching you play Prismata yesterday and fell asleep. In my dream I was playing prismata and fell asleep. The same thing happened in my dream's dream. It was the worst nightmare ever and I woke up in a cold sweat. Please don't play prismata anymore I don't want to go through that again. Pls no copy pastrami.
Andrew Tides "The Turncloak" Biessnener was caught today at Dulles Airport trying to fly to Moscow. He was found carrying top secret American Hearthstone decks built by Reynad. He planned on passing them to Russian KGB agent, Kolento Pistolev. As he was arrested Tides shouted, "Death to America!"
Hey guys i lost one of my dogs Could you help me to find him? Please Type (Franker Z) Or (Ralpher Z) To find them! Thank you! The Twitch Chat is so intellectula! No Copypasterino Wufferino please!!!!!
qtpie, I just want to let you know that I disable adblock for your stream because I want to support you. However, due to you running ads DURING A GAME, I have now decided to re-enable adblock.
Guys what if Acidic swamp ooze was a 30/30, but its deathrattle was "Lose the game"? Would this be balanced? Should I contact bilbarzard??
Do you losers get a joy out of having people press random numbers on their keyboard when you tell them to? Does it validate your pathetic life? This is why I hate twitch chat, bunch of anti-social weaboos pressing random numbers as a form of camaraderie. How about you actually start a conversation with one another instead of being weird, yes I'm srs.
Let me tell you the fairy tale of Reynard and Lea. Once there was a magical salt-shaker named Reynard. He lived in a magical kitchen where the princess Lea would make sandwiches. One day Lea shook Reynard too hard and he broke, spilling salt everywhere.
Hey Andrew, it's your mother. I have noticed that you are having trouble climbing the ladder this season and wanted to let you know that there is this website called Tempostorm.com that will help you get to legend. The nice man in the video said that you could stay ahead of the meta and becsome legendary.
Dear nl_Kripp with the Earth's salt mines running low near depletion. We can always rely on you for stepping up to the plate and supplying the world with some
<\_ _/> wave the flags like a boss <\_ _/>
In the beginning Reynad created the Hearth and the Stone. There were no cards nor a meta. Then Reynad said "Let there be cards"; and there were cards. He then said "Let there be a Meta"; and there was a Meta. ~ The Book of Dennisis
Chat please don't copy pasta my serious question. I'm trying to engage with our streamer to learn more about Hearthstone gameplay. Please take this seriously.
Hi Trump, nice warrior deck! I'm a F2P player though, and was wondering if you could tell me what cards i could use in place of Baron, Alexstrasza, Ragnaros, Brawl, Death's bite, and shield slam?
Hi Forsen. This is the twitch popo. I heard you wanted me to "come at you?" I'm here to give you the bannerino
After having my birth cannon pounded, he then proceeded to raid my poo pipe. My stench trench was trembling like a rat on acid. The seemingly never-ending streams of gentleman's relish emanating from his thrill drill soon had me coated like a plasterer's radio
i need help typing, im new to the americas and i dont know how to english very well can someone help me? pleasew stop spamming chat so i can learn please....without this i wont pass my english class iand ill get deported please...
i need help typing, im new to the americas and i dont know how to english very well can someone help me? pleasew stop spamming chat so i can learn please....without this i wont pass my english class iand ill get deported please...
HI FORSEN, ITS YOUR FRIEND TRUMP HERE. I NOTICE THAT YOU ARE NOT ABLE TO GET LEGENDARY ON HEARTHSTONE. I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW THAT FOR A LITTLE FEE OF $4.99 PER MONTH, YOU COULD LEARN TO BE GOOD AT HEARTHSTONE LIKE ME.
Last night at Greece's most prominent Red Light District, Kripp was seen pimping out Catarrian for very cheap. PETA must be alerted of this horrid cat prostitution ring hidden under this "Twitch streaming"
Trump got kicked out of Blizzcon when security asked him a question and he refused to answer unless they gave him $4.99
I miss the old no life Kripp. It's a shame a game like Hearthstone has turned him from the no life all day "hardcore gamer" to someone with a life and a girlfriends with tons of money. Kripp I will now unsub to you and pray for you that one day you will come back to what you once were and not the $$ making girl kissing gamer with a life, that is all
Hey Imaqtpie, don't get my wrong buddy I love all of these funny meme games during queue but I have a new idea. I would love us all to read some bible passages during queue times! Thanks and god bless!
Kripp stop showing your knee on the stream, dont be like other female streamers. We are interested in your personality and not body.
I stayed up all night, dreaming of this moment. My pulse is racing. Discarded salt packets and OJ cartons are strewn across the filthy bedroom floor. "Oh look it's another sub," says the Kripp. I am now fully erect. "Welcome to the five dollar club, bro" I barely hear as a single tear runs down my cheek while Kripp's fist fills me completely with value.
When Kripp gets topdecked, it's seen as a bit of salty fun. BUT when Reynad gets a 420 YOLO Rag Pro 5000 hit to the face with 6 different minions on the board, lethal next turn, together with top-deck skill command with one mana webspinner, he's called Salt God?
As he raises his "Bro Fist" gently against his cam, I raise my donger against my cam. I feel how for that moment, Kripparrian and I become one. My donger starts to shake, and I close my eyes, letting out a small moan as our "Bro Fists" e-touches. "Kripparrian.. this Bro Fist is for you" I whisper to myself.
Dear Kripp. You say you welly unlucky last few days. I've been unlucky last few years. But ever since i start watch your stream last week my luck improve. I meet nigerian princess on internet who promise me 100 billion usd and a full golden Ragnaros
Hello Kripp, This is Vegetron Ruler and Protector of all plant matter in the galaxy. I command you to stop being a p*ssy and eat meat, instead of eating all of my relatives. If you don't, I will be super angry at you. You've been warned.
HELLO CHAT. My NAME Sergei Copypastavich from Russia. You all steal my family name and violate copyright law 459.53 of Ruski Constituski. I sue all of you and me and Putin laugh and play in pile of twitch monies. As they say in amarica F*CK To YOU, Pay to me!!
Kripp how do we know you're not naked from the waist down? Also if you're not, how much would it cost to make that happen? I have plenty of $5 bills ... Just saying...
The year is 1945. "Hafu," Trump speaks breathlessly into the night. "Get back to the time machine. We have what we need here." A foul smirk plays upon his lips as he pockets a top-secret Nazi folder marked "Sub Mode." Lightning flashes and thunder crashes far across the German mountains. "We will see who says Tuck Frump' now," he says.
Hi, my name is Artour Babaev, I was born on south russia, in a small farm of Salt, my entire life was all about salt, I would farm salt with my father rino, in fact, my life was so full of salt, my friends named me "PPD", until some gang of Spooky Scary Skeletons killed him. To this day, I vowed to kill all skeltons to avenge my father, dont cpy pastarino my storyno
ATTENTION: The NAXXRAMAS expansion has been UNRELEASED in order to make room for the Gnomes Vs. Goblins expansion. We apologize for any dongers raised by this message.
Hello kripp. This is your mother, I saw that "brofist" you just gave to one of your subscribers. Don't make me come to Athens and make you give him a better brofist. Haven't I taught you better fisting? Love always, mum
You call this spam? I've seen better spam in Hafus chat. This is pathetic. I came to this stream expecting to see some real spam. I am dissapointed in the sad excuse for a chat. I'll be back when there is real spam.
Dear Kripp, this is the leader of all Greek people, John Stamos. It is with great pain that I have to ask you to leave my country. Everyone is afraid of the "very casual looking man" with the "perverted fists." I am sorry but you're not welcome here anymore. No Copopolous Pastopolous Linguinoristopoulos
i will rub ur back and if i like the tip tat u sending...i might just give u a happy ending
Back when I was in korea, I met a man named madlife, and he came up to me and said "this is how you play thresh you young wippersnapper" and I stood up out of my chair and said "okay" and that, is how the american madlife, machinegunnerusmc was made.
Hey guys, Im a blizzard employee and I wanted to give all you fellow kripparians a sneak peak at one of our new GvG cards. It's called the coin- 0 mana and if you play it turn 1 as the first player, it randomly selects a player and they automatically win. Hope you are all excited for the new expansion, please don't copy paste or I might get fired.
I *** on the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, the Fattys, Guys who have no idea of anything and the most Hated Country EU > NA 4 ever
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all NA>EU
Mad Bomber Diary 11/11/14: Dear Diary, Kripp has played me 200th time today, he always keeps me for his greediest plays like I'm one of his prosterinos. I shall take this torment no more, I demand that he coins me out on an empty board like an honest minion from now on. Pls no copy pasterino my story
I only get one message in slow mode huh? well, if i only get one message, i'll make it sweet and sharp. These authoritarian mods will not be tolerated. Hearthstone was based on the premise of the free market, and it has been corrupted by N A Z I mods in chat who are power hungry. Don't ruin the Hearthstone and twitch chat experience. Thanks
On November 10th, 2014, Octavian "Kripparian" Morosan was found to be severely delusional. He began wandering around his home, mumbling 'brofist' and 'subscribe'. As his weak fist was placed gently on the webcam, a single tear ran down his cheek. He knew he was a sellout.
My name is Octavius Kripparius Muridius, commander of the PJSalteers of the North, General of the Salty Legions and loyal servant to the TRUE emperor, Saltarrian. Father to a Flamestriked son, husband to a Top decked wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this stream or the next.
*** 'fistbump' emotes? Are you shitting me? You have become everything you ridiculed in the past.Every time you reach out your hand to your webcam and lower your voice there is a strong cringe feeling overflowing me like a zoo lock overflows the board. I really didn't care for all the hate you got before for streaming HS all the time since I quite enjoy the game myself. But this retarded crap is too much for me to bare. Goodbye Octavian we had a good run, will keep checking the sub to see if you repented from your sellout ways and returned to the true Kripp self. See you.
Hello Kripp Aryan, am 48 year man from somalia. Sorry for my bed england.. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "heart of stone" and i want to become the goodest player like you. I play with 400 ping on US server and i am rakn 17. pls no copy pasterino my story
don't put grills in your bedroom, you can die from carbon monoxide poisoning when they are still hot
Dear Kripp, this is Kenneth J. Nipplemeyer IV, sole heir to the Nipplemeyer fortune. I am willing to give you the entirety of my family's $26 Billion Fortune if you give the Kitty 200 kissy wissy's on his little tum tum on stream. Must be done enthusiastically and at 60fps or no deal. Sincerely. Kenneth aka "the Nippster"
This is a campaign from Tagliatelli. We have been noticing sales drops as a result of people's choice of regular pasta rather than the much more tasty tagliatelli. Would you all please stop spreading copy pasta and start copy tagliatelli?
I, U bluudi wonka, feck'n bos droiva don' went en doid on ya m8, musta bin a reyl sed day 4 ya mum m8, ah bluudi eal, E wuuda smocked u roight en the gabber so ya C staars 4 doin wot ya bin doin, pal.neavamnd, feck u m8, get shrektd
@nl_kripp this is le reddit army! Please cease streaming or be prepared to get downvoted!! If you do not IMMEDIATELY stop streaming I'm going to meme you so hard that you're fedora falls off. I bet you did nazi see that coming. Nailed it, you see what I did there? DO NOT COPY PASTE THIS! Good day sir!
Trump got kicked out of Blizzcon when security asked him a question and he refused to answer unless they gave him $4.99
That's an extremely unfortunate loss Kripp, even though you outplayed him on every possible level he still beat you, i've never seen anyone as unlucky as you that match, nor anyone as lucky as he was that match. It shouldn't even be legal for someone as bad as him to beat someone as amazing as you are at this game
This chat is the dumbest group of people i've ever seen. I work with mentally handicapped people and i've been all over the world. I have been to beauty pageants and monster truck events. I have met a kid with an IQ of 8. I have even met President George W. Bush. But this chat is truly the most retarded thing I have ever encountered.
Hei Kripparina, Dr. Enrico Salterino here. Your blood level has reached a dangerous heigh. Reduce the level immediately or face severe health implications. PLZ COPYPASTERION to save Kripparians life!!
Hi Kripp, do you know who else didn't pet cats? Hitler. Hitler didn't pet cats. Do you want to be a Nazi too?
Hello Kripparian, Leon Tidewellow here, CEO of PETA. My sources tell me that you haven't pet your cat in over 3 years, and thats a little too long. I'll give you 5 minutes, if you don't pet the cat then you WILL be brofisted. Have a nice day!.
Kripparian, I see you have less viewers than your sexual partner, Reynad. I can guarantee you 5,000 viewers, bringing your count above his. There is but one condition - you must come to my home and let me touch the Kripparian. No copy pasterino dongerino kappacino.
Kripp, this is Hafu... Remember when i asked you to unleash your hounds on my freezing trap but instead you gave me an explosive shot to the face with your acidic swamp ooze? While i always love a good multishot to the face... you finished so quickly it fealt like i was having sex with Nozdormu or something... i mean, i am not just some succubus for you to shiv any time you please..
In west philadelphia born and raised in the twitch is where i spent most my days, Spamin copy pasta and acting like tool, just watching Kripp mess up like hes a fool. When a couple of Trumps who werent any good. Started copy pastin in my neighborhood. They got one little warning but that aint fair. They said show us some skill or im just gonna spam.
Who cares! It is a scientific fact that the human eye cannot tell the difference. In fact i'd argue that 60 fps looks worse. 60 fps is too smooth, it's like petting a shark, the scales (frames) are too smooth so it cuts your hand (eyes), while 30 fps is nice and stable and gives you a better immersion because the frames travel a longer distance so the world looks bigger
Paparrian was born in Germany, the youngest of the five children (three of whom survived) of Hanz Hector Paparrian, from a noble family of the province of Freiberg. In 1932, he began his medical career in Theodor Meynert's psychiatric clinic at the Trollstein General Hospital. The same year, he married Mamarrian, the granddaughter of Isaac Bernays, a chief rabbi in Hamburg. In the summer of 1935, the couple had a beautiful and gifted child: Kripp. On 15 September 1935, Hitler presented two laws who deprived so-called "non-Aryans" of the benefits of German citizenship. The young parents, extremely afraid for the future of their beautiful child, where confronted to a question that would forever change the fate of the world: was Krip Aryan?
When Cybrix buys a Pepperoni pizza, its seen as a bit of greasy fun. BUT when Kripp orders a 420 GreaseMaster Pro 5000 garbage pizza pie with 6 different types of pepperoni, spiceified sauce with non-drip collection tray, together with optional built in Cheese crust, hes called Fattarrian
How the ever loving *** is this guy getting 24k people to watch him play HS? It's like having a small country collectively decide to grow an interest in watching paint dry. Boggles the mind. Really.
Dear Mr Morosan, I was unaware of the fact that upon subscribing to your channel full of top notch casual gameplay, my personal rights would be violated. I did not ask to be "fisted". I hereby demand a public apology and a stack of OJ cartons as compensation for the psychological scars this horrible attack on my privacy has caused.
Did You Know? YAYO was first found in America in the year 1070. The native Dongers sang it to please their God. One day they didn't sing YAYO, a NACHO TORPEDO destroyed their whole culture. Ripperino Dongerino, all you knew was YAYO..
People say Hitler is finally gone right? Well guess what, he isn't. revived him and permanently trapped him in Twitch Chat as punishment. He roams in the Twitch Chat rooms as imaqtpie mods.
Hello "Kripparrian", this is *** Gordon Ramsey, chef bloody extraordinaire. I hear you are starting a cooking show "Papparrian & Lil' Kripp's kitchen" and I would like to send you my special pasta recipe to get you started you lil fucker. cheers mate. Please no copy tagliolini, serious business
hello kripp, my name is Albert Einsteinerino, and I've been a huge fan of yours. You've inspired me to quit my physics degree and pursue my dream of playing video games all day asking for donations from people. Thank you for motivating me to go after my dream
Hey Kripp, Papparian here. You have been doing this game thing for awhile now. And its going to lose its entertainmentarino. My idea is a Papparian Kripparian father son baking show. We cook food from our home world where we Gypsies originally came from. How about it son? Let Papparian have his son back!....
Michael Santana It's your Mom Here!!! Someone just told me you didnt say Thank you... You will change your manners!!! REMEMBER i brought you into this world i can take you out of it!!!
Kripp, how does it feel that by me disabling adblock I control whether or not your sorry excuse for a job continues existing
Dear Kripp, this is you handicapped half-cousin from Romania, Kripple. I need you help for my medical bill. I owe Doctor $5,000 and he only accept 5 dollar bill. Plz help. If I don't pay he take my good leg. Sincerlirino, Kripple J. Morospam
I saw it on the new hip website called Reddit! It's a pun on Read and It, Reddit! Isn't that swell! There are also these things called May-mays or otherwise known as memes there. They're really funny
Hello friends, I recently lost my job and am unemployed. Twitch chat has been my safe haven during this time. I come to this stream today and what do I see? Copypasting tomfoolery. Please, have respect for the intellectuals here and return to the days of glorious discussion in twitch chat.
Dear Kripp, this is you from the future!!! The fate of Earth depends on YOU! When you ignored chat and didn't place the kitty on your lap and pet it, it lead to a global economic crash and all out nuclear war!! For the love of humanity put the damn kitty in your lap now and pet it like our lives depend on it!!!!! Sincerely , Future Kripp
Hi Kripp, Micheal here. Yes, your highschool boyfriend. I still have our private picture. "The picture". If you dont want this to be posted on internet - send me your cat.
Wait a minute. I just spotted an inconsistency. Could this be the work of the CIA? Look closely... below the stream. "10,000 viewers". What the heck? There's only 7 million people in the world, how could there possibly be 10 million viewers right now?
Dear Kripp, this is Kevin Kuntmeyer from P.E.T.A. It has come to my attention that you brutally brofisted a small defenseless Kitten in its adorable face live on your stream moments ago. If you do not apologize and rub his little tum tum for 20 minutes on stream, I will be forced to punish you to the fullest extent of the law. You've been warned...
123+123+420=666 Illuminati confirmed
Last night I had a dream that whenever I typed something in Forsen's channel, everyone copied and pasted it, and then Forsen got really mad at me for starting spam. After that he banned me and I felt really bad for it, so my only option to apologize to him was to suck his sweadish meatballs. Sorry Forskin!
Hey Kripp I'm 12 and I'm your biggest fan! I saw you play Artosis last year at BlizzCon, are you gonna win BlizzCon this year Kripp? I heard you were good at Arena. I watched your stream and went 1-3 just like you!
Hey,Forsen Vladimir Putin here. Just wanted to say that you are the best Russian streamer. Motherland proud of you,boy! You are drinking very nice aswell. Just call me and no riots
I sexually Identify as an Attack Helicopter. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being a helicopter is Impossible and I'm *** retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades, 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me "Apache" and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can't accept me you're a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
@Imaqtpie My niece turn 14 today and she's watching your stream Can you please say "Happy birthday Lea from uncle Moe Lester" ?
You know what really bothers me? When I walk into a public restroom and find semen and urine all over the seat of the only toilet there. It disgusts me and makes me really uncomfortable. That's how I feel reading this chat. Please no copy pasterino, these are my personal feelings and not to be mocked.
Learn the ways of the Russians, speak their language for a while, they might think you are one of them. Then maybe join their team, success might come and fighting for last drink of vodka will be your next objective. Do not give up, you have Dota tournament ahead of you. Then win TI1, but don't stop now, you have to go deeper. Spend 3 more years trying to solve the puzzle of russki power of motherland and then leave the team with full knowledge of understanding of strenght of ROSSIA and PROMISE URSELF THET YU WILL NEVER LOS TO RUS AND KNOW OF COLLAPSING STRONG EMPIRE OF RUSKILAND.
hello my name is Carlos i from Turkmenistan. I watch master Q.T.PIE stream everytiem. i have no arm or leg so i playing with my huge !@#$%. I quit my job at the teemo mushroom factori to becom pro player. I go from bronze IV to gold IX in six monts. pls no
COMING SOON!! Casual wear by Kripparian! Don't just feel casual look casual! Just pay the low low price of 4.99$ a month. And you took can look and act like a casual! Order now and get a free brofist!
Hey you mothef**ker. You just entered a world of hurt. I just found my wifes texts to 'The Kripp', talking about dongers, topdicks, and salt. I don't know what kind of fetish *** you're into but you better find it somewhere else. I'm coming for you. If any of you retards copy paste this I'll get you too.
Congratulations Kripp! You have been voted #1 'Cutest Teenage Streamer' by the readers of Casual Gaming Monthly! Your ability to still look adorable while losing game after game in Hearthstone is truly something special!
Hey Michael it's me Scarra. I've made a huge mistake, I quit dignitas to start a life of crime, but I've already been arrested for attacking a rival gang member with a cheeseburger. Please bail me out..
Hi it's Johnny Pasterino from the Department of Legends, we would like to promote Michael Santana from Meme Secretary at the League of Legends to Meme Lord at our Department of Legends. Thank you for your time
Dear reynard. I was hiking in the Amazon Rainforest the other day when I was bit by a snake. Miles from the nearest city, I thought my life was over as the venom slowly spread across my body. But then I used my 4G to open twitch and the salt from your stream sucked the venom out of my wound and saved my life. Thanks Reynad!
reynad, everytime I watch you I start sweating, I believe this is because you have the power to harvest salt through my pores even through the internet, can you please stop making me sweat for more salt?
Hey Reynad, I am from Trump's stream. To make me feel more comfortable could you please turn off your music, shift around uncomfortably, and have prolonged moments of silence? Thankerino
Hey raynad im a 11 year old boy named Dan and i watched your stream. My mom walked in on my watching you and she saw you drinking the beers. She beat me with a shoe and made me sleep outside in the dog house becsuse of you
How do I do the salt emote I wanna troll Reynard too
Reynad, I admire you because you invented all the decks. Thus, you invented my deck even if you never saw my deck.
What is Tides' favorite class? Rogue of course! it has the backstabs (like tides backstabing reynad) and the betrayals (like tides betraying reynad) and the conceals (like tides true intentions)
"Tides my player," say the Reynardino, "you are my slaverrino, why don't you make videos?" But the Tides don't respond. He elopes to C9 and runs his hand through his unshaven face scruff and say "Well met!" to the twisted Kolento. Alone in his heart, Reynard commits saltdoku at a Saltbucks in San Bernardino with Al Pacino, no cappucino.
Before watching reynad i was a young positive, 13 year old male with a can do attitude the world was in my hands waiting to be conquored. Now after watching reynad for a year I am bitter, hopeless and blame everything on others
Reynad you are the biggest influence in my life. Sadly I seem to have turned into a salt shaker, please no copy pasterino macarino
Hello Forsen I am a 32 year old Ecuadorian national who is stuck in the US after Reynad refused to pay my airfare home. I need you and your stream to please help me get home to my wife and kid it has been 1 year since my departure and I very much would like to see them again.
Forsen how DARE you miss lethal. You are a pro gamer. I look up to you as my hearthstone mentor, perhaps even as a father figure. My dad wouldn't miss lethal, and neither should you...
Is there a beginner stream to explain all of these high skill zoo plays and decisions they have to make? I can't keep up.
Twitch chat is so retarded they are like parrots they copy paste everything
wow dude you just memed harder than anyone i've ever seen on this website. How many memes did you acquire before graduating from Memeing University? Do you meme over 9000 times a day, because the fact that you are such an expert memer points in that direction. God damn I have never seen a meme as epic and dank as this in my entire life, and i am quite the meme master myself, creating over 500 popular memes on the mememunity s4s and danking and memeing for the last five years (though you obviously experience time in meme years at this point, which makes me meme my meme to you sir, i mean meme) I really wish i could meme as hard as you because than my meme would meme and then memes would be dank as a meme! rite, amirite? lol and lel and kek but really sir, thank you for being dank as *** and posting such sweet meme as this, it made me meme until my meme went memeside out and meme'd me harder than a meme memeing meme you fuggin meme
Hi this is agent Kappachino from the agency. I would like to inform you that we have detected the KPM (Kappa Per Minute) to be far below the minimum level of 100 KPM. Please fix this by typing or agents will be dispatched to donger this stream
This is the police! Get your dongers in the air f***ers - you have been caught red handed. Stop with the copy paste right now or we will be forced to use Police Brutality. Don't try to get away with it by copying this and impersonating us!
Ingrid Newkirk here,leader of the largest animal rights group,PETA.How DARE you soil that innocent dog's ears with the word "weiner" and "Dolly"?That's like excessively cursing at a newborn.The cops should be there soon.Bye.
soon kripp. you will have enough subs to turn it into sub mode. you will cause a rage so fierce from the common plebs that they will only turn to subbing to not lose their spam rights. you will become the richest streamer on here based off the rage of others. imagine the profit!
This is a very interesting stream Kripp, you always makes me feel better everyday when watching with your oh so sweet voice, i am therefore going to donate this big bunch of salt i saved for you!
Can you guys stop typing 'misplay'? We know Kripp is not the best player and he might be a bit slow in the head, but stop pointing out the obvious by typing 'misplay' over and over.
OMG Its The Real Wildturtle! The best player in the whole NA Server! We are so blessed to be graced with this stream. All Hail Wildturtle!!! Please copy and paste this to show the great Wildturtle our love!
My favorite streamer is the Kripparrian. I often find my self watching his old vods just to stare and look at his 'salty boy' body. Any BM plays he performed really showcased his pristine hearthstone skill. Sometimes i pause the stream and masterbait numerous times. The reveal of his diablo t-shirt never ceases to excite me. Kripp will forever be my 'Salt Shaker'
Hi Kripp, I think your arena results would be better if you focused more on your gameplay and less on wearing sexually suggestive clothing
Every E-Sport needs their clown. We are privileged to have someone like Kripp in the Hearthstone community.
Dear Kripp, this is lieutenant Clitt Nippley of the Greek Army. It has come to our attention that you've been 'BroFisting' many of our citizens against their will. If you continue this, I have full authority to launch a nuclear attack against you and your evil 5 dollar club. You've been warned.
Dear imaqtpie,My name is Nightblue3 and i hate you for trolling me out of challenger. This is your official warning - I have reported you to the security professionals at WalMart. You will be banned on site. No more rollbacks for you.
Hi chat i comerino from amsterdamerino i solderino my weederino to the 420 lord to pay internet connection to play legenderino leaguerino. Plzerino notice me i playerin with 420 pingerino but im challenger 420 and i always end with 4/2/0 plz help me smokerino more weederino no copy pasterino
imaqtpie WHAT THE FUCK, where is your DAMN viewer age RESTRICTION?! This shit you put on your stream is too SCARY for kids, you need to warn people. As a MOTHER, I am OUTRAGED.
STOP POSTING SKELETONS im getting mighty SPOOKED over here
Hi qtpie, my name is Dave, and I work at YOU DIRTY SELLOUT. We at the YOU DIRTY SELLOUT team are huge fans, and we would be willing to come to a large cash agreement if you engage in SELLOUT activities on stream. Look forward to it.
Kacey Tron was found dead in her trailer park on April 20th. The cause of death is speculated to be an overdose of marijuana. All her life Kacey Tron has tried to convince us of the evils of 420, but we did not believe her. Now the Illuminati has assassinated her. Please never 5get Kacey Tron. Stay 420no.
Hello Micheal Santano,this is President Obama,just wanted to tell you,you are a big S E L L O U T,I used to raise my donger to you sir but no longer,do not copy this post or I will NSA your butt.
Michael, this is Dumbledore, Lord Voldemort has infiltrated the Dignitas house and killed Scarra. The legend says the one that carrys the mark of the donger on his forehead is destined to stop the dark lord. Please Michael avenge Scarra!
STOP with your copy pasta SPAM. You are destroying not ONLY my chat EXPERIENCE, but everyones chat EXPERIENCE. If you PLEBS don't stop IMMEDIATELY, then I will have to call the CYBER police. Do NOT copy and paste this.
My name Dimitri Baryshnikov. I grow up in small farm to have make potatos. Father say "Dimitri, potato harvest is bad. Need you to have play porfessional game in Amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka." I bring honor to komrade and babushka. Sorry for is not have English. Plz no cykapasta
Pizza. Pizza. The chat's hurtful words haunt Cybrix at night as he sleeps on his bed of bagel bites. "Why does chat hate me?" he wonders. One day he gets on Mumble and finds the chat no longer hates him. Because it turns out even an obese pizzabator is more tolerable than Rick.
Dear mod. If u ban me. u mad kripp. i pay $5. I pay much $$ to spam. Please respect my Footlong of $5. If i spam u say ok, and not ban me. I pay $5 u. can. not. ban. me. (no copy or pasterino)
hello. i am 18 years old and i am a profesonal penguin wrestling champion. i have won all matches with penguins but now i need money to go to the north pole so i can wrestle with the penguin king so please donate to me. please dont copy and paste my life story
ive always wanted to be an octopusserino but everytime i try to tell someone they make fun of me. well ive had it up to here. today is the day i put my tentacles down. im sick and tired of people telling me what i can and cant be. i will be getting surgery to split my legs like pasterinos so i can have tentacles if you copy and pasterino my story to mock me i swear i will ink all over your face!
I was disappointed to find that when i flew to the Dead Sea to realize that Reynad doesn't live there, considering it's the saltiest sea in the world.
My beautiful Hafu turns to me in bed and kisses me. Her cute smile fills me with happiness. Hafu holds me close as she whispers in my ear: "You know this isn't real. You're just typing in twitch chat. You're alone." "10/10 body." I miss lethal.
Remember boys and girls, its not good to copy pasta. It makes you look Italian and vegan and can be detrimental to your health and peers if you display unwanted or annoying text, repetitive chat, and rude/disrespectful words.
So I went to a Strip Club in Greece the other night and guess who i saw there. It was the Kripp with hundreds of 5 dollar bills. So the Stripper goes in a hot pose, Kripp smiles and pours himself a glass of OJ. Kripp said "Welcome to the 5 Dollar Club" and they went into a private room. Not sure what .happened then but i guess he gave her a brofist.
Last night in Greece, Greek police heard reports of a Canadian man in a blue tacky sweater walking around the streets at night, 'brofisting' the local population. As a result 20,000 greek citizens have contracted the casualitis. If you see this man, please report to greek policerino department.
Dear Michael: This is the Meta Police. You are in violation of Penal Code 420: Not Playing The Meta. You are hereby sentenced to 69 years in jail with Scarra and Dyrone.
Hello Mr. Pie, concerned Christian parent here, my child came asking for 4.99$ because he said he wanted to join the BDC, whatever that is. Please stop filling my kid's head with lies... I already had to tell him that Evolution is sorcery made up by communists
Hi guys Kripp here with VEGAN FACTS! Did you know that milk is literally !Worse Than Hitler! and also killed many people during the Twitch Chat-ocaust in the 1940's? If you drink milk your bones will be as frail as Reynad's Rag RNG and you'll basically be Leifman's brother. Well, that's all for today's vegan facts! Bye guys! BRO FIST!!
My dad drank milk his whole life. One day my mom told him "If u want to see ur children graduate, u have to stop" 3 years later he died of calcium deficiency. My mom told me "Dont drink milk; dont put your family through this" At 24, I have never touched a glass of milk. I must say, I feel a sense of regret, because watching Kripp play Hearthstone gave me calcium deficiency anyway.
The teacher asked Kripp, "Why is your cat at school today Kripp?" Kripp replied crying, "Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, 'I am going to eat that p*ssy once Kripp leaves for school today!'
Dear reynad why is that guitar used as a prop only and not an instrument. it saddens me to see that little guy sitting all alone without some to pluck his strings. he will never realize his full potential without your love. pls no copy pastarino bambino cappuccino.
Hey Kripp, loyal fan chiming in here (for once). I think your stream is great! I would have spent my time working towards a cure for cancer, or how to automate food production in the 3rd world, but luckily i stumbled onto your stream and now I can waste my time watching you marginally optimize a children's game! What a career you have made!
Kripp, when you have dinner with Reynad, do you even need table salt?
Kripp, how can you even PRETEND that you are playing with a FREE TO PLAY deck when yours has seven flamestrikes? I thought this stream was newbie friendly, well apparently I was mistaken. For the sake of ***. Unsubbed, unfollowed and unremembered. Bye, Kripp.
Wait a minute . . . 7 Flamestrikes . . . Thats 49 mana . . . There's 49 confirmed illuminati members . . . This guy . . . He's illuminati . . .
As I sit here in the land of freedom and glory, soaring on the wings of the bald eagle; I look down at the earth below me. Soaring over the crystal waters of the US Ocean toward 3rd world counties like Sweden and Germany, I am reminded that not everyone was lucky enough to be born into greatness. A single tear is shed as I weep at the thought of Denmark and Norway and the poverty they endure. The tear falls
i, my name Andrzej Waclawski, I'm Polish war veteran. In war of world 2 I lose right arm, never to grow back. My dream of become rank one superstar Polish Cardstone player make shattered forever. I like to get tip from the Kripp how I can become best Polish one arm player. Please no copytovski pasterovski
you have an "!imgay" response but don't have an "!imbi", "!imtrans*", "!imfurry", "!imreallyacat", or "!imfeminist" response? misogynist pig kripp
So last weekend I was walking in WalMart and saw Trump... which was pretty cool. I was wondering why he was in the "woman's hygeine" section of the store.... He caught on to what I was thinking and held up some tampons. "For my girlfriend", he said, giggling nervously. But he doesn't have a GF. I think they were for HIM!
listen up ok nobody even likes u the only reason i dont ddos u nto oblivion is cuz ur not even worth my bandwif u fkn fgt retard im srs if u say 1 more thing u wont even get to get out of ur seat cuz i wil KAMEHAMEHAAAAAAA u thru the keyboard n shoc ur fingers so bad u will say sry but its too late for that boyo
Hi Imaqtpie is Reginald Dinh here. I'm messaging to offer you a spot on my team. I think you'd fill the role very well, to be honest I don't know anyone in the scene who is better equipped. I can't wait for you to be our new maid.
Really? Is saying "Don't copy paste this" some secret phrase for "actually copy paste this". How about you respect people's wishes and not copy paste if they ask you not to. Please don't copy paste this.
Trump. Amaz. MaSsan. Hafu. Long ago, the four Asians streamed together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the F O R S E N B O Y S attacked. Only Reynad, master of all four, could stop them, but when Twitch needed him most, he was too salty.
This message adds zero value to your life. I hope you enjoyed reading this, because I enjoyed typing it out. If you are still reading this, I would just like to tell you that you are wasting your time. If you think anything positive will come out of this final sentence, you are mistaken
Every days the lazy gypsy man Kipparian plays the game on computer when he make future wife Rania cook foods for him all day in kichen. Kripp stream can see Rania deliver food to him on Twich every day like slavery. Romani kripp must be stop rania is edcated woman who to good to be make food and babies for horrible gypsy man Kripparian all day. I be beg you all to help save good girl rania from life of barefeet in kichens.
Kripparrian grabs Rania by the scruff of her delicate neck, thrusting her to the Hyper-X Ultra-White High-Def gaming chair. The Krippster's rightfully claimed woman presents her rose-hued folds to her master in submission. "Top deck me and #Shrek me, you Romanian stallion" Rania wails in passion. Kripparadino kicks Cattarrian aside, and towers over the chair, "I'm gonna play this perfectly." Kripp misses lethal.
One day there was Man. He wake up in night time like 3 or 4 am in the morning, Much sweat from nightmare of skeletons!! He turns on his computer and waited for the screen to load. "I will watch Kripparrian to calm my fears" he Mumbled. As he click the URL the stream loads... but there is only skeletons... Plz no creepy pasta this spooky story
You all should be aware of this great danger going on. From now on RENGAR needs to be banned in every game you play. YOU do NOT want to catch A BOLA
team dignitas is the cardashians of league, they have never managed to accomplish anything but they are somehow popular
QT this is your Dr. It seems your subs have all gotten not only "The Bola" but also type 2 diabetes. I believe it is the combination of missed arrows and you to wanting become a pizza. Stop before you also get The Bola.
H-hey Kripp-kun. It's me Samantha-chan! I know you don't know me that well, I sit in the column closest to the door and in the back row. Oh yeah, duh... LoL, we have Chemistry together with Ms. Raphatello. Ughh, she's such a b****! Anyways I'm being such a baka (LoL that's Japanese for idiot!). Oh, do you like Anime too? I'm sure if you gave it a chance you would too if you don't already watch it ~_~. I always look at you in Chemistry and you never seem to notice me... BAHHH WHAT AM I DOING?!?! GOMENASAI Artour-kun (gomenasai means sorry in Japanese ^.^). Just wanted to say hello and I really love your stream! Good luck Kripp-kun!
Hello Michael, this is your mother. I write here to inform you that your father and I do not approve of your timewaste playing childrens game for the internet. Therefor we are sending you to India to marry your beautiful cousin Venkatanarasimharajuvaripeta and work as a train conductor..
Yo imaqtpie u think your cool? with your fcking long hair. well guess what you piece of shit. YOUR NOT! i guess i can beat u in 1v1. im bronze 3 but its only because my team is not good
Hello everyone! I'm entering streams to say something random! Did you know "dog food lid" backwards is "dildo of god"? Good bye everyone!
Every morning, I wake up only to watch Kripp play Hearthstone arena. I decide to subscribe to Kripp, join the '5-dollar club', to be part of Kripp himself. 'Welcome', Kripp exclaims, 'to the 5-dollar club!'. He gives the stream a brofist. I feel Kripp fisting me through the stream. A silent tear of joy escapes my eye.
Kripp, you are called casual all day everyday and I say it is time to stop. If you truly wish to play a mans game, Play the greatest game of all time, Cookie Clicker. Nothing is more hardcore and less p2w than the masterpiece that is cookie clicker. Play that on stream and never be called casual ever again.
Hello Mr. 'Cute the Pie'! I am a concerned Christian parent, who caught my son Lil' Johnny watching your SMUT, and if you dont COVER YOUR DONGER IMMEDIATELY, you will be reported to the authorities! DO NOT copy and paste this!
Is this seriuous,human race?This is what we have become?Shame on you guys,copying and pasting like sheeps,do you even read what are you copying,God have mercy on these poor souls,they know not what they do...
Hello Qtpie, it's your doctor, DR. Dong calling about your donger cream needs, you havn't picked up your prescription in quite a while and we are worried your donger may be dry and crusty
Gr8 b8, m8. I rel8, str8 appreci8, and congratul8. I r8 this b8 an 8/8. Plz no h8, I'm str8 ir8. Cre8 more, can't w8. We should convers8, I won't ber8, my number is 8888888, ask for N8. No calls l8 or out of st8. If on a d8, ask K8 to loc8. Even with a full pl8, I always have time to communic8 so don't hesit8, I hope you r8 8/8 .. m8.
Hello my name is Kenneth Jizbombski, president of Viral Games, Inc. Recently sales of our most popular Bowling simulator "E-Bowler" have plummeted. Please help my small company by going out and getting E-Bowler any way that you can. I want E-Bowler to spread infecting people with it's incredible gameplay!
qtpie i know things are hard now with being excommunicated from the roman catholic church and all but listen to me. You're going to be okay and make it through this friend. good luck and god.... nvm just bless you...
Hi Michael, it's the ghost of Abraham Lincoln here, 16th president of the USA. Just wondering if you can let me see your minimap. I realize you don't like "ghosting" but maybe you can make an exception for me. Sorry for spooking you.
Dear Qtpie. This is the Queen of England. I am revoking your knighthood due to your refusal to play Sion. Furthermore, keeping any gate is henceforth considered an act of high treason. Your insolence stops here foul knave
Dear Kripp, last night was incredible. the feeling i got when you topdecked me was unforgettable. I want to hold you in my arms and give you so much value. Please respond. XOXO Trump
Wot the fok did ye just say 2 me m8? i dropped out of newcastle primary skool im the sickest bloke ull ever meet & ive nicked ova 300 chocolate globbernaughts frum tha corner shop. im trained in street fitin' & im the strongest foker in tha entire newcastle gym....
banana, you're a banana. are you feeling sorry for yourself? well you should be cause you are fruit, you make me sick you big banana.
Hi, im form future, and i can tell ou that TSM will come back, kill SHRC and wonnered wolrds
Am I seriously the only one offended by Samsung White? They would be ranting and raving if we had a team TSM Oriental or something. Jeez
Sodium, atomic number 11, was first isolated by Humphry Davy in 1807. A chemical component of salt, he named it Na in honor of the saltiest region on earth, North America.
Hello OddOne, my name is Gustavian. I had dreams and ambitions, of becoming a professional 1v1 player. I picked this game up yesterday, with hopes and dreams. But you picked a fucking stupid op noob champ, and i lost my 2 bucks because of you. Now i have to stay at my aunts house in Nigeria, because i cant take the train home to Uganda.
Now You're somebody that used to code
Kripp... In the cultures that use a totempole it's the ones on the bottom that have the most respect and are generally elders/seers. The top of the pole are the scrublords that barely deserve the recognition. So top totem is INCORRECT. It's BOTTOM totem.
That play was rather bad mannered of you "Kripparian" how would you feel if you got shown up like that? You should be ashamed of yourself. Pls no copy pasterino.
nice win man you totally outplayed him on every level, every single play you did showed a whole new level of skill and meta beyond our mortal brains understandings, i have no idea how its even humanly possible to be so amazing at this card game as you are Kripp, your IQ is officially more than 1000
I don't understand all these spammer hooligans. Its as if the pinnacle of human innovation has resulted in the creation of these inbred spammers with nothing better to do in their life other than copy and paste what the person above them wrote. Whats worse is the people using scripts to spam. Be the better man and stop the spam. Thanks.
Hello, is this "@Trick2g "? My son just got back from elementary school and keeps saying "lata" this and "the gates" that. He even told me how he wants to be a professional gate opener to all the asian hunnies. Please no Kapparino pastarino
I want to touch the kripp, I tell myself. I save up my salt for years to get a trip to greece. I ring the dong bell and out the comes the border kripp face, I smell the aroma of salt and prosterinos. In his hand is a ornate salt shaker and one of reynads 15 guitars. He shoots me in the face with a fireball saying "Assume they have fireball, cause they do have fireball" from that day foward Ive never washed my face again.
I owe my life to Cybrix. I got in a horrible car crash and i was in 6 month coma. The nurse switched to the Twitch channel to Kripp's stream. I awoke from my coma and muted Cybrix.
Romanian doctor say in thick accent, "He suffer from Casualitis, too many salts in blood." OJ is injected into the Kripp, but he continues to mumble "Really bro," and "Wow," numerous times. A priest enters and rips a bag of pepperonis over the Kripp. Papparin say "Drink with me friends," and offer cappucino to all.
You guys are ruining my chat experience. I come to the Twitch chat to discuss important geopolitical events like the ukraine crisis and it's implications on the socioeconomics of Eastern Europe. Yet here you are ruining everything with your frankerzs and kappas.
I for one am glad submode is on. I pay $4.99 USD a month to watch the living legend, Michael "iamacutepie" Santana, and I feel my experience is ruined with "dinger" spam, whatever that means.
Dear Kripp, it has come to my attention that one of your mods "Leifman" has been abusing his authority as mod and banning people for no good reason. I would appreciate if you took some time out of your schedule to take action and remove his mod status. Thank you!
Hello guys, I'm back from my 200 seconds timeout. During that time I was able to finish my 200 words essay on the topic of Nazi Germany. My thesis is that Hitler & Nazi beliefs are carried on by twitch tv Nazi moderators who like to act as if they themselves were literally Hitler. I think I should score at least 90 out of 100 points for that paper. Pls no coperino my paperino.
Sometimes, whenever i eat M&Ms, i like to hold two m&ms in between my fingers and squeeze as hard as i can until one m&m cracks. I eat the cracked one and the one that didn't crack becomes champion, then i grab another m&m and force it to compete with the champion in this deadly game of m&m gladiators. I do this until i run out of m&ms, and when there is one left standing i send a letter to m&ms brand with the champion in it and a note attached that reads "please use this m&m for breeding purposes"
Every game is equally pointless. You can't put this *** on a resume or anything, so what does it matter if you play online chess or LoL? Unless you're a professional and making mad cash off the game, it doesn't matter what you play.
Listen I just want to be in Kripp chat and have a decent experience I just want to be able to discuss the game and better myself as a person like a good chat would let me do can we all just calm down please no copy pasterino jalepeno linguini fettucinni alfredo
Hey, qtPie this is the NSA (National Service of Agriculture). If you do not start getting some cs soon, we will have to revoke your farmer license
Stop it, guys. I'm Leifman's sister, and mother of our beautiful little daughter, Leifgirl. The spam and constant harassment in this chat is driving my beloved Leifman insane. Since he became moderator, he's spending all his time here, and can't provide for his family, anymore. Please, Leifman, get back to work in our salt plant, we need the money.
Hello "Kripp" ...or should I say COCKTAVIAN. Guess who? YEAH. It's KATIE. From HIGH SCHOOL. Ever since you left me to play this stupid game, me and Trump have decided to continue playing Runescape WITHOUT YOU. And guess what? He gave me your MITHRIL ARMOR. Have fun playing this stupid card game, JERK!.
hello my fellow kappas my name is Kappastankapsterinocunnio, you could also call me monte cristo. voyboy is very gud in mid beddar than link and mid pack and mediorcre. i learn to spell from russian infantry 586. i hate regi cuz he monkey king and spews garbage and lies to all of my wrong doings. I jack off with clg hat in korea instead of coache mai team . voyboy is a sweet hart i wish we *** someteim i luv him. he *** my team in playoffs and i leik it all the time. enuff about voyboy more about kappa town. kappaccino koccino frappatino pls no copy pastarinocappaciino cocinai luv u all pjsaltyarion
my mom always asks me who I am skyping with, cause I answer all of qt's questions he is asking himself, am I weird?
Forsen, would you do me the honor and fuck my in the ass? Ever since I was a little child I've always dreamed of getting fucked by a streamer. And now, many years later, I've finally found the right one. Forsen, please be my saviour and fuck so hard that I can't walk for a week. Kisses and hugs.
Hello, my name is and I want to ask you something. My friend needs your help. He wants to find some more friends. So please, spam as much as possible in the chat, so that my friend could find more of his friends. It makes a big difference, thank you!
QT have you no shame? Listening to this VILE music full of cussing and vulgar language, N word this, N word that. I mean is this really what you want you viewers to be influenced by? I expected more from you Michael 'imaqtpie' Santana.
hey qtpie i'm a greekeroni philosopheroni and i want to share my toughts. so far for me KAPPA is god KAPPA is in everything so we are KAPPA we are god this is my philosopheroni pls no kapparoni papajohnny
hey guys when i ban ur ass for posting fucking stupid ass spam dont fucking come to me crying "wahh hwahh i got banned i wasnt doing anything i just asked what build he was going" no u didnt ask that shit u fucking posted huge ass copypasta enjoy ur fucking ban and never come here again
Once upon a time, I opened a LoL game. I entered the game, and I was promptly greeted by another player. I noticed it was a female player and I was pleasantly surprised. I told her of my great love for the female anatomy, particularly the breasts and the backside. To my surprise, she told me she also enjoyed these things. It was then that I realised, I was playing League of Lesbians.....
Guys can you please not spam the chat. My mom bought me this new laptop and it gets really hot when the chat is being spamed. Now my leg is starting to hurt because it is getting so hot. Please, if you don't want me to get burned, then dont spam the chat
Everybody get up, it's time to spam now We got a real spam goin' down Welcome to the Space Spam Here's your chance, do your dance at the Space Spam, alright Come on and spam and welcome to the spamCome on and spam, if you wanna spam
Hey you poor, underaged trash. You know what the symbol next to my name means? Means I am sub. Means im VIP. Means I got cash. What you got? You got sh!t. You poor non-sub trash ought to pay me and my sub-bros some respect. We subbed because we have cash. Real life jobs, real life credit
Is this chat filled with parrots? All you guys do is copy what the person above you wrote. Please have some originality and contribute to a smarter chat.
All my life has led to this one moment. It could happen. But it could also dissipate before my very eyes. This is it. This is MY DREAM. Show them to me Qtpie, fuck dude, SHOW THEM TO THE WORLD! KNEECAPS. We all know you have them. NOW GIVE THEM TO ME. Plz no copy pasterino....
Maybe his long Journey away from the evil drug that is Hearthstone has brought moral clarity to his life. Kripp rises up and breaks away from the shackles the succubus has locked Kripp in. Papaparrian holds the key and sets Kripp's mind free. He swears to never go back to Greece or play Hearthstone ever again. Kripp moves back in with Papa and finally gets his OJ sponsorship. The beautifully creamy wall is vibrant as Kripp uploads his newest video in the old wonderland. "Hey guys how's it going, Kripparian here." Kripp starts up PoE again in anticipation of the new expansion being released, theory crafting builds. He is happy and filled with life each day of streaming.
All is then right with the world.
WOULD LUCIAN BE THIS BIG OF A BITCH WHEN HE IS TRYING TO SAVE SENNAS SOUL FROM THRESH
I don't get why Kripp has to have the personality of an unflushed toilet when he streams. At least when he's in mumble we can love to hate Cybrix. And a mumblebro or two spices things up. It gets old watching Kripp eat Greek food, mute his mic to kiss the succubus, and bitch about RNG.
Hello Mr TidesofTime, this is Google's manager Gabe Horn here. We have received word you are singing to your viewers. As a Streamer on our newest acquisition, Twitch, your voice is now copy-righted. Please stop immediately. Thank you.
Everytiem kripp topdick, i well met all over myself
Stop it, guys. I'm Leifman's sister, and mother of our beautiful little daughter, Leifgirl. The spam and constant harassment in this chat is driving my beloved Leifman insane. Since he became moderator, he's spending all his time here, and can't provide for his family, anymore. Please, Leifman, get back to work in our salt plant, we need the money.
I am a muricunt born in america, the land of the fat and the free. I am proud of my awful education, horrible medical care, terrible society and religious gunwielding fanatics. With my natural 260 lbs, please stop talking trash about my mediocre country which is a collection of all the human scum EU and Asia dumped a few hundred years ago.
Kripp, Trump, Kolento, and Hafu. The 4 streamers lived in harmony then everything changed when the Trump nation attacked. Only, Kripp master of all the OJ, could stop them. But when the world needed him most, he bmed.
A hundred years passed and my brother and I discovered the new Salt king, a moderator named Leifman. And although his moderating skills are great, he still has a lot to learn before he's ready to save any chat. But I believe Leifman can save the world.
Dear Chat, in 1967 there was a little girl named Morgana who wanted to become an ADC, She commited suicide after QT would not play, Now that you have seen this you must copy and paste 10 times or you too will commit suicide.
When Kripp gets a pitten its a 12 win cotton mitten pitten. He gets so smitten his donger becomes a biggen. Now his donger being a biggen while hes smitten wearing mittens, he can no longer fap to his winning arena pittens. Help Kripp with his biggen so spam this donger omission about Kripps pittens that is a 12 win cotton mitten pitten. No copy pasteritten.
Can you all just stop posting these unnecessarily long posts please? The only reason you post them is to try and bait someone into copy and pasting them. What if we all just gave interesting views and opinions about the stream instead of posting useless stuff? Please I beg you twitch chat, to stop with this nonsense.
That's it noobs, come play me in a game of League of Heroes. I main with the hardest warrior - Mister Yie. I will build full wiji first so you know I'll be able to tank no problem. After that, I will build a Infinite Ledge and score so hardcore attack speed. That's right - I will be victorious
Hello My name is Juan Taquito, and My dream is to become a cardboard box, I go home to my family of 12 children daily, searching online for how to become a box, that is why i will watch BoxBox every day, to learn his ways and reach my true form.
Hello my name is Redito I am wealthy businessman from the land of Kantito. I come to watch the tipp stream becaus i want 2ba master. I must ba master of all pokemonarino or my boss "giovanito" will fired me from my businessman job and the helixito will be sad. plz no caparino fettuccine alfredini jigglypuforoni
Hey guys i am half watermelon but to be a full watermelon i need people to roll like water melon. I hope you will help me become a full fledged watermelon. Me as a full fledged watermelon will not disappoint you and I will become the best watermelon ever. Thank you.
Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become a walrus. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different. On December 14th, I'm moving to Antarctica; home of the greatest walri. I've already cut off my arms, and now slide on my stomach everywhere I go as training. I may not be a walrus yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest walrus ever. Thank you all.
Yesterday we lost a good man. I'm of course talking about Paul "Scarra" Walker. He was on his way home from raising his dongers when a drunk driver named Marcus "Dyrone" Hill crashed into him. Dyrone has now been placed into custody.
helo fabby i am hablo espaneo i come from mexican i am liking your curse videos. after i am watching your streaming video i am strong enough to shoot father hablo with crossing bow. learning tumble and fight dragon. i now in jail watching stream with dyrus on big tv. no copy pasterino macachino banerinio spamino. thank u
Hello, my name is dongerino. I want to be the bestest TF just like OLDSCHOOL GG. I still work in banana factory as i m banana. I want to move to america land of FREEEEEDOM to live american dream. However i scared that best wukong reginald will eat me. Plz no copy dongerino my life story I got a dreamo al pacino stevo-o mike the situation sorrentino
hi im greek... as you probably guessed in m name.. plz have respect for this comment and read on.. if ou don't like it plz dont hate. My economy is not going well and effing Germans are trying to take over so I need help. Bjerg promised for every subscriber 0.0000199 % money would go towards me. Thank you for my message and plz subscribe bjerg... he is the best and better ( not german even better!)
iam a 7 year old boy with a cannabis addiction, iam in rehab and i only have lol streams for entertainment, i wish to be the best mordekaiser in ze world, can u teach me bjerg? This is my story dont copy paste plz
Hi Bjergsen I am from Brazil and just like many brazilians, I am gay, and I would really like to have a bed time with you and listen to your cutie voice and perhaps do some coitus and engage and marry eachother. Our wedding would be in some favela of Rio de Janeiro. What do you think????????????
hi mi name is regi i live from canada i walk 200 miles to get to computer in alaska to play lgend league because iwant be pro player like qqpie and cumshotgg pls no coffee papapino dunkacino pasterino.
I'm not gonna read that. Fuck you.
hey reynad, gril here, i am sad to say that i have a leak, how will this affect my propain?
What kind of bees make milk? Boobees
Tensei, I have been playing league competitive for many years now, but at the most recent event I drank too much with Meteos. I woke up the next day in his bed with my fingers smelling a bit rank. Do you think this will affect my late game Vayne(s)?
Hey Reynad, A dinosaur here. I was recently locked up but I killed the zoo owner. However, I was not able to find the key on him. How will this affect my chains?
Hey Reynad I'm a military strategist in Mother Russia, how do you think we will conquer Ukraine
Hello, Reynad I have been the butler of a very prestigious family for a very long time. Couple I work for has just recently been shot and killed, I have been left to take care of him but, he has resort to a life of crime fighting which is very dangerous. Will this affect my Wayne.
Yesterday I walked into the bathroom and my brother was taking a shit. I don't know why he didn't lock the door, but before I could leave he asked me to grab him a roll of toilet paper. As I was handing it to him he jumped up and smacked a hand full of shit across my face...How will this affect Rick James?
Hey reynad i'm an artist, i fucked up my picture, how will this effect my embroidery frame?
Hello Gino "No Cappuccino" Pastarino here. I see you are using one of Reynad's copyrighted decks. You must pay...wait you are Reynadarino climbing ladderino? My badarino. Please forgivarino Lord Reynard. I give much love. Don't use that catheter on my bum bumarino like you did last time-arino. With no cappucino Love, Gino Pastarino
Do you know who the fuck you're talking to right now? I'm a 4.0 STEM major with a full ride to a top ten university. I'm in the 97th percentile of IQ intelligence (the test wouldn't go any higher). I literally tip the scales with my intelligence. I am the furthest thing from a "twitch chat idiot".
The Prostitute asks the Kripp, "Why don't you make a D3 video?" Kripp flies into a rage and hits her with an ornate salt shaker yelling, "I'm going to kill that prosterino!" When the cops finally caught him, after the 2 hour shootout, Kripp lies bleeding on the ground and mutters weakly to the sky..."I played that perfectly, nothing I coulda done cough what a joke.."
Hello Kripparrian, this is Twitch Staff. We have noticed that you are trying to become a hardcore player again, since you broke the laws of physics and play 2 games on 1 stream, when the laws of physics clearly says: "How can there be 2 games, when only 1 channel?". We hope that you will stop this, and become a casual player again. Please don't repost this. Thank you.
Hi I am Nigerian Prince Haseem, i have 200 million dollars but cannot see, if you would do my runes i would share all my riches with you. Just email me your rune page and password
Ive had enough of dyrus , racist to blind people. All I wanted was him to read out his runes and masteries but nooooo he makes me go to lolnexus.. im fking blind why do u think i asked? u and ur eyes, You think ur smart just cus of ur eyes.
HOW CAN GERMANY SCORE 7 GOALS WHEN THERE ARE ONLY 2 NETS IN THE FIELD?
Qtpie I need help. I have a little donger so I am unable to join the BDC. Please send help and advice otherwise I will forever be a part of the small donger squad. Promote me from the SDS to the BDC please it is all I have ever wanted.
Imaqtpie, this is Kiwis father, Pineapple, I must ask you to wake Kiwi up ASAP, otherwise he will be late for kindergarten! Do it preferably with a loud scream. Pls no fruiterino pasterino
Hey Kripp! It's me, (from the pizzarino place). I'm back from my 600 second ban. I still have your faggarino pizzarino if you want it. Al Pacino's dongarino sweat dried up but it is still tastarino. Give me a call my number is 867-5309. Pls no copy pasterino dongerino frappuccino mochaccino pistachio. Your friend- (from the pizzarino place).
forgive english, i am Russia.i come to study clothing and fashion at American university. i am here little time and i am very hard stress. i am gay also and this very difficult for me, i am very religion person. i never act to be gay with other men before. but after i am in america 6 weeks i am my friend together he is gay also. He was show me American fashion and then we are kiss.
Hello, my name is Juan Pastoroni, CEO of Copy Pasta Industries. I'd like to let you know that we've just gained copyrights on a lot of copy pastas seen in this chat. If you are using them right now, please refrain from doing so, or risk being fined under copyright infringement. Thank you, and don't be funny and copy and paste this. This is business, kid.
I love spaghetti, its actually my passion. I have always wanted to eat Greek spaghetti, specifically out of Kripp's underwear where his dongers are
Hey Kripp. You got me addicted to copy pasta you sick ***. I was 19 and on my way to my dream job when you first gave me a hit of this junk. Now I'm cappucino dongeringos in back-alleys just for another copy pasta. I'm chasing that first high and I'm scared I'll rip in pepperinos soon if I don't find help. Pls no crop a dingo pace the rhino my story.
KRIPP! This is Papparian, your father! What is this I hear about marrying a Greek woman and making mini kripps with her??!! You need to find yourself a real full bodied Romanian woman, boy. One that can hand squeeze OJ and carry on our bloodline.
TWITCH CHAT, this is the POLICE. We have heard rumors that you have been performing illegal actions, such as copyright infringement in this stream. You must cease your use of these copy(righted)pastas immediately or you will be arrested for your crimes. Internet piracy is NOT a victimless crime, and you WILL be punished.
ATTENTION Someone has reported that the kappa emote is no longer working. Please type "Ka ppa" (no spaces) to confirm that it is indeed still working.
Hello Kripp! This is famous game designer, Eddy Pasterino. I am very glad to see you playing my new game Hearthstone . However i must ask you stop playing now as you are making it look boring as hell and as always Dongerino Al Pacino go back to playing Grim Yawn.
Hey I'm Reynad leader of Tempo Storm, and I created every deck you've ever played. Yes even that deck you are picking in Arena right now, yes go ahead and pick that Yeti for your 7th card, I'm making the deck for you as we go along
Hey Kripp how's it going, Hitler here. I've heard rumors that you've been MUTING your mic whenever our Nazi propaganda wagon drives through the area! As punishment for your crimes, you will forward some of your Colombian drug funds as tribute to my good friends working at Google+ to restore the Third Reich to its former glory.
No one believed in my dong, but when I raised it, QTpie saw it and found a shred of potential in it. Then he believed. And all the others did as well. QTpie believes, and now so do I. I shall climb these mountains of Gold, destroy those Platinum plebs, and then, and only then, my dong will be strong and hard. As a diamond.
hey "kripp" we met at the urinals at the taco bell in LA..i asked you if i could shake your donger and you never responded...please confirm and we can meet again thanks
Hello my name is Pepperino Connors this will be my 127th day since the CYBRIX virus striked the Capitols of every importante cities of the World with thin crust of pizza. If someone would have warned us about this madness we could have saved the 0.000000001% of the population. Pls copy this madnerinos to warn them of the imninent threat
Once lived a maiden with unmatched beauty, flowing black hair, her name was Kaceytron. She took care of an orphan, just a young CatCam, i decided i would still go for it. Took her out on a date and we ended in bed, now this is the point where the story turns sad. I expected nice boobies but couldn't be wronger, the girl was a boy with a 20inch DONGER
The stream starts, and so my spam begins. It shall not end until i am banned. I shall fear no mod, sub to no streamer. I shall live and die in the Chat. For i am the value in the bomber. I am the BM in the lethal. I am the salt in the defeat. I pledge my keyboard to the Chat, for this stream and all the streams to come.
Everyone, please STOP SPAMMING, it is very INCONSIDERATE of the folks who are trying to have REAL CONVERSATIONS. Plz no copy pastarino Frappaccino-mochaccino-capuccino, macarino Eddie Pasterino pepperoncino kakaino poopieino peepeeino dickarino assarino skillswiperino salterino bad-luckerino Al Pacino with his dongerino in San Bernardino.
Let me tell you a story. I was once a young pistachio like you. But then I saw the light. I saw the kripp and let the kripp into my life. Now I am a grand old cashew with a pepperoni plantation to boot. Don't make the mistake I once did and deny the kripp. Kripp is love. Kripp is life. Praise the Kripp. Amen.
hello son, Dadnad here. Please don't waste your life away in front of that computer playing some card game. Text that girl, Lea, and play that guitar for her. Did I ever tell you that's how I woo'd Momnad? Kids these days, don't let me down, son.
Boy, the mods in this channel have really done a bang-up job. When I first got here it was all cappuccino pasterino, but now that they're using slow mode, r9k and randomly banning people, we can finally have a productive chat without all the IDIOTS. Thank you, mods.
Missed BM. Unseen, unfollowed, unsubbed, undonated, unremembered. peacerino
Dear Qtpie. This is MonteCristo. I just want to tell you that we would love to have you on CLG as our new top laner. You have the best ognTSMrototations that I have ever seen and even better mechanicanics than Faker. And your hair will give CLG new strength to win worlds. Please call me. CLG needs the DongerKing.
Hello Michael, this is you Italian cousin Imaqtpizzapie. I just wrote to inform you of the birth of your new godson Imaqtlasagne. That's correct you are the godfather. Pls no copy pasterino mafiarino donerino
Dear Kripp, you bmed me in a card heart game, punk. Bet you thought I had forgotten, but jokes on you I'm a military trained navy ranger. I can kill a man 10 times before he even realizes. I'm right now backtracing your house address and will be there soon. You bm pyroblasted the wrong guy punk, your dead
Octavian, you are an inspiration. You are not afraid to be flamboyant and admit that you live an alternative lifestyle. I think you are one of the best gay streamers on twitch and you are a great role model. I know some people probably don't understand, but i do.
The Kripp goes to grocery store. He sees the OJ and yells : Well met ! An old lady next to him get so startled she drops her OJ. Kripp commits sudoku, overcome by grief. RIP in piece Kripp.
Kripp, I'm disappointed in you. Your chat is out of control and you don't even care. Your veiwers are the most pathetic scum on Twitch. Even worse, Hafu is a more hardcore player than you. Are you even trying anymore? Whatever, I'm going to go watch Reynad or Trump, you useless bag of ***.
the mods have literally been active on the political scene of Germany between 1938-1945
Omg Kripp... I remember seeing you in the hallways during school. I remember seeing your zipper down and I kept eyeing you tiny peckerwood. You always had the cutest grin. Please call me (205-069-1337) and find me. I will always love you. ~Eddy Pepperino (not wearing any panties atm).
You guys are ruining my twitch chat experience. I come to the twitch chat for mature conversation about the gameplay, only to be awarded with kappa faces and frankerzs. People who spam said faces need medical attention utmost. The twitch chat is serious business, and the mods should really raise their dongers.
"Kripp my son," say the Papparin, "you are such a large pepperoni, why aren't you a pizza." But the Kripp don't respond. He elopes to Greece and runs his hand through his unshaven face scruff and say "Well met!" to the twisted Succubus. Alone in his heart, Papparin commits sudoku at a Starbucks in San Bernardino with Al Pacino, no cappucino.
In greece, Kripparrian has risening from his antiwoke. As the Kripparrian plays cardstone, my blood pumpulates at incredibly capacities. For Kripparrian wins 50 cardstone. From a statistically standingpoint this is without precidenting! A hugely kilometerstone!
Here i was, minding my own business, when suddenly this potato headed idiot just waltzes right into my life alwasy yelling 'topdeck this' and 'insane that'. who the *** is this salty vegan casual? i just want to eat and sleep all day, not listen to this oj guzzling nerd. Rania pls. -- sincerely, cat
Keep sharing spoilers guys! Those shows seem so interesting, I'm so glad I'm reading all these spoilers. What about some Game of Thrones spoilers now? How hard can you spoil it?
SAP FACE
At first I thought reynad looked like a vampire hobo. Like, literally a really damn ugly guy. But the more i watch his stream, the more im attracted to him. Something about that hair... the clothes too big for his scrawny body.. Makes me want to rub one out.. hehe anyway thanks for stream reynad
Did TSM wonned?
Hello it is me Dyrus, from jail. This article was super superino I loved it as much as I love coach wukong. I hope this comment will make people help me get out of jailerino. Phant0mlord is always loud as a ziggs on cocoon and dexter breath smells like weederino. Pls no copy pasterino
IF YOU THINK NA SUCKS WHY ARE U ALL SPEAKING AMERICAN EUROFAGS?
Hello Kripparian! This is your lord and saviour, Artosis the Great! I have boarded my private jet to Greecerino to meet you and your lovely wiferino Rania. See you soon! Much loverino, please no dan marino gran torino
Hello Reynad I am Terry Davison from the Texas Salt making factory. Our buisness would like to invest in your salt revenues as we have sensed a peak performance. Pls no pepper.
Reynad my lad, I'm quite saddened to see how drab your hearthstone play has become. Is that a NON GOLDEN CHILLWIND YETI FOR CRYING OUT LOUD? God save your barbarian soul, you filthy peasant... I was raised in an age where CLASS was valued. Im going to kaceytrons stream where i know ill find real quality
WE ARE KAPPA , KAPPA LIVES IN OUR SOUL AND WE WILL PRAY HIM DAY AND NIGHT FOR THE DONGERINOS HEARTHSTONERINOS FROM DUMBLANDIA THANKS FOR HEARD AND SORRY FOR BAD ENGLAND KAPPA
fuckin reymad m8, why do you look like you're 15 years old? You even old enough to drive there m8? I used to remember back in the old day your dad would yell at you on stream. I miss those days. Somebody needs to smash your face m8 all you do is play hearthstone all day. You obviously don't lift with those leper gnome guns you got there.
If Reynad was a Hearthstone card he'd be a Giant Douche
anyone else fap to reynad?
Reynad is like a pigeon. Pigeons are too self-absorbed to care about anyone else. They poo on people they don't like; they poo on people they don't even know. The only real difference between reynad and a pigeon is that reynad intends to rob us of our lives, our health, our honor, and our belongings.
Hello fair maiden Reynad, this is the valiant knight Sir Coppus Pastaronus. I have come to rescue you from the mystical Tower of Salt, where the cruel innkeeper RNGesus has pounded your sweet, supple orifice relentlessly to the beat of Lord Please no paste.
Dear Reynad, I am a representative of Twitch tv. I am sad to inform you that due to the random aspects of the RNG associated with soulfire's discard process this can be considered illegal gambling and you are going to be forced to stop these games immediately. Much love, Twitch tv admins. please no copypasterino al pacino greasy guido
Reynad, you have inspired me so much. Without you I would never have been able to come to terms with my genital warts and how they are natural. I am no longer ashamed of them and would like you to someday see them! Thank you.
Hello, my name is Ho Lee Fuk and i are fromm Chinaland Father say i need become doctor and make her proud but i chose become HS player like Reckful. Father not happy with choice and told commit sudoku but i know i make right choice. Sorry i no speak propeller engrish and pls no coppy pasterino dongerino frappucino cappucino al pacino
That's it, I'm done. *** this chat. It's devolved into a mass of retarded copy pastes and face spam. The quality of twitch chat has been declining for a while, but this is the last straw. That's it. I'm done. I'm uninstalling the internet, chopping off my dick and moving to *** Antarctica, at least the bacteria there will be *** smarter discourse.
ELEPHANTS GUIDE ME
69?
Hey reynad, ever since I listened to your tips my hair has never been better! But now I need pube-styling tips. Do you trim or straighten it? I was thinking an Abe Lincoln look. what do you think?
This is an automated message from Twitch TV. We have been experiencing technical difficulties related to the face. Please confirm that your face is working properly.
DUDUDUDUDUDUU
Hello Reynad my name is Dennis, and I am 12. I drink 3 beers per day because of your stream. Mom said I am going to leave outside like a dog because drunk children live outside. I am sad. please help me.
Kripp we are all very disappointed in you. Playing games because Blizzard will pay you? What are you? A shill now? Remember when you played hardcore games like Hearthstone, Minesweeper, or Diablo 3? Everything changed when you got a girlfriend. I'm starting to wonder if you even drink OJ anymore.
hello, il mio nome is GIROLAMO SAVORANOLA I my italiano. I want be profesionali playeretti of Defenders of the Agnolotti. the I sold all my spaghetti so i can bought a branderini new coputterini and farma all gaems. Per favore no coperinato pasterinato caramel macchiato
DotA, LoL, HoN and HoTS are just a copy of Pong, and Pong is a copy of tennis
Wtf are you doing, just hunter's mark face and kill him?!
guys could you please be a little serious and stop the spamming? people are trying to enjoy the stream here, its hard to find a place where im accepted for who i am and when i see you all spam kripps chat it makes me feel rly bad because i know that he wants you to learn instead of joke around as well
YOU SHOULD OF LEROYED OH GOD I'M SO FUCKING STUPID I'M GONNA SHIT
Europe was founded in 1848 by Walker Texas Ranger when he rode a horse across the Atlantic, he called it "Eastern USA" which was eventually abbreviated as just "EU"
Hi my name ist Sergei. Sorry for bad england. I started bronzer II but from watch trick2g sterm everyday i climb to PLat 8. Everyday i walk 20 miles frozen tundra to stream leagu of legion on 1980 Dell computer processor. I left my wife and the vodka make me become alcoholic and i need stream supporter for helps. Please no copy pastaerino dongerino cappucino reno nevadarino bongerino plz.
Hi Kripparrian. For 2 weeks I was stuck in Hearthstone. I nearly gave up on it, however, after watching your stream and learning so much, I decided to buy 40 packs and make a new deck. Lo and behold after my 7th game I finally defeated the first boss Honker. Thank you Kripparrian.
Hello kripp, I am psychic peter pasterino who can predict the futurino. I have mind visioned that in 5 years you will walk down the isle to Space Jam and topkiss your bride, Hafu. There were many Well Mets and toasts with OJ. If you wish for this to come true, though, you must proclaim your true love for her soon before it is too laterino.
Dearest Kripparian, Jarnitro here. I am so confudido about how i lost that game. Please use your masterino of top deckarino to teach me how to win this game. I will be your fettucinni pepperoni boy forever.
Silence the silenced watcher to counter the silence
NaCl
= Reynad Tears (no space)
= Dog Face (no space)
hello kripp, I am from the future. I am best friends with your son, Dennis Morosan. Your wife, Hafu, sent me to tell you Well Met and to message her how much you value penguins and OJ
Kripp this is Dr. Zeus Stromboloupolous. We need you to immediately star drinking MILK and EAT chicken at least once every week. Otherwise RIP is veganiro pepperoni
Kripp pls make up with papa so u can go to the doctors, you cannot get help in a 3rd world country AKA the EU pls come back to NA where we have doctors
Krippler's aim is to establish a New Order of absolute Nazi German hegemony in the Twitch Metaverse. To this end, his foreign and domestic policies had the aim of seizing Lebensraum ("living space") for the Donger people. Under Krippler's rule, in 1941 German forces and their European allies occupied most of Europe and North Africa.
so i was walking down the road today and 2 black hoodlums approached me. They asked "dawg u a crip or a blood fool". Startled, i muttered "I'm a kripp". The power of morosan rushed through my body, i raised my donger and blew both of the hoodlums away with 100% pure orange juice from concentrate. Value.
I can no longer resist the pizza. I open the box and unzip my pants with my other hand. As I penetrate the gooey cheese, I moan in ecstacy. The mushrooms and Italian sausage are rough, but the sauce is deliciously soothing. I blow my load in seconds. As you leave the bathroom, I exit through the front door....
hi kripp i em olombo bongo frm Somalia. erryday i watch u strem u are favourit stremmer i sell kidney for a laptop 2 i can watch u strem. i work in bannana facotry an 1 day i cum to america LAND OF FREEDDOM so i be lyke u and strem 4 monies insted of pick banana, WOO USAsss al pacino, malcolm in middle, stevo-o, mike 'the situation' sorrentino.
When I fart Kripp feel the fart. He hard press A and D and try to avoid the fart. But Kripp smell the fart. My viscosity meter is always highest when Kripp in the room. We sneakily squeak until light of dawn. All becoming well met.
Hello Kripp, I am famous child soldier militia commander Joseph Kony. I want to help you make your own child soldier militia too so we can fight the white man as one. I hope you make the right decision and remember, dongerino dongerino please no copi pasterino banerino Al Pacino cappuccino orange moccha frappuccino steal your kiderino.
Toronto authorities reported that Octavian "kripp" Morosan passed away last night in the Toronto east general Hospital after a bike accident near his home
Dear nazi mods. you may have permabanned my other account, but shitposting will always find a way. I will lie about how to make faces. I will accuse teams of 322. I will raise my dongers. So don't even waste your time banning me, because I am like a boomerang. I will always return. Pls no copy pasterino dongerino cappucino.
Well I regret to inform you Kripp that your choice to return to Path of Poe has confirmed my suicide tonight. It had been a fun ride, but I simply cannot afford to live any longer. Please bless me that I may rip in paparolies, as this will be my fifth suicide this week.
Kripp if you're here right now reading this I want you to know I dream of you. Sometimes I sit alone in my bathroom with the light off and pretend to be you. I'll say things like "hey guys how's it goin' Kripparrian here", and for a brief moment I feel you inside me...
when is google gonna buy ad space on reynads forehead??
Please for the love of god Kripp just lick your goddam knee. I've been sitting here for 10 hours straight watching that boney *** knee of yours by your big lushous mouth. Please just fulfill this one wish I have and lick that sexy *** knee of yours so I can blow my creamy load all over myself and slowly fall into a deep sleep.
You have to concede... He has a wisp
gullin15 is the best streamer
Well Met Kripp. This is Hitler from 1940. I came here to recruit your mods to be officers in my third reich army. please no copy seig heil pasterino .
This is a message from the 4/20 blazeit foundation. If you would like to donate to the DESTROY THE NAZI MODS cause, please type into the chat, thank you, and remember to raise your donger
Dearest Kripparian, this is the Donger Police. We have inside information that states your chat has not been raising a sufficient amount of dongers. We are going to have to shut down your stream if you don't ask your chat to raise their dongers.